Okay now, so we are starting the interview questions now. So, number one, how does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disabilities compete with other infrastructure's priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? What we really need, the goal that can affect the, to take into consideration when determining spending and accessibility for the special needs children is that we need all equipments to be okay, to be durable, so that by the time we are using it for them it will have a long life, everlasting things for the children. We want it to be okay, to be well maintained, that it will be able to be well maintained. There won't be any difficulty in making use of it. That is what we need in our school. Number two, implementation gap. Walk me through the process for your recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? Like, we need the equipment, the infrastructure to be upgraded. Like the one we have now. We need another upgrade because of the children with disabilities. Like we need so many things. Like the ramp is needed in the school for children to have access. The school compound, sometimes it's waterlogged, so when it's raining season. If it can be well filled, sand filled, whereby the children will have easy access to move in and move out of the school compound when it's closing time, it will be okay. And even the issue of school bus, because some of them are coming from far distance. If they can give us school bus, that will make them to connect with the school. So that they will have access to education, normal education like their counterparts in the regular school. Thank you. The third barrier, in your view, what are the most significant barriers? Whether financial, knowledge-based, or oversight that prevents the school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards. The major thing, the most important thing that is giving us barriers is the distance, mobility. They need mobility. Even in fact, from the main road to the school compound, the road is not okay. It's not easy for the children to move in. We need the area to be tied from, it's not far. Our school is not far from the bus stop. If it can be tied or can be maintained. Like interlock, a kind of interlock which will be easy for the children to move in. That's number one. Number two, mobility, school bus, we need it. The major thing is the shortage of staff. We need teachers and caregivers that will be able to make the school to achieve their goals in terms of structuring the children with special conditions. Thank you. Liz? Looking forward, what will need to change, either internally or from external bodies, like the ministry, to make significant and sustained improvements to the school accessibility? What needs to change to the school? That's where by the ministry that we need the assistance is the infrastructure. Like we need a kind of potable water. Potable water in the school. No single water in the school. No water, no potable water. Sometimes the children, if we need water in the school, the children will have to move out with the supervision of the teachers to go and get water. Those that are okay among them, especially the hearing impaired, the deaf. We assist them by following them as a teacher to the nearby building, whereby they can get water. We need potable water. We need toilets. Our toilets need renovation. And we need ramps for the children with physical disability, so that they will be able to move in, move out during the break time easily. So those are the things that we want to help us with in today. Thank you. Closing. Is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? Yes, we have many things. But the major one is that at least let the school compound be okay. The infrastructure, the building, the toilets, the teachers, the school needs to be equipped. We have some of them that are going to vocational training. We have some vocational equipment, but they are not enough for us to take care of these children. We still need more. Like the issue of computers. If they have computers, the world is changing. Let the special needs children experience the knowledge about how to make use of computers. Vocational training. Those that can go into catering, into drawing. So we need staff that can handle those aspects, so that the children will be able to do like their counterparts in the society. Thank you, Uma. Thank you, Tavi.