Good afternoon sir. We are here to interview and discuss infrastructure. The first question, how does the goal of physical accessibility for puppies with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? Okay, thank you very much. Actually, we have a lot of infrastructure equipment for the children. Because of this intellectual disability, especially that we are having, they have this type of behaviour. Let me say, the majority of them, they destroy things. They have intellectual disabilities. So we call them with the aid of the teachers, we monitor them. Then the drawers that they are taking, they are taking them. So without drawers, most of these children, they cannot cope very well. So we monitor them with this everyday medicine that they are taking. Okay, thank you ma'am. You are welcome sir. So walk me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritised? So I want to thank the Lagos state government for having this opportunity. We have a special type of school. Actually, to have a special school is not easy. But with the help of the Lagos state government, we are coping. Most of these children, they have been abandoned. They need to show love to them. They need to be accepted in the society. Disability is not an inability. So we motivate these children, we encourage them that they can do a lot of things. We cannot teach in abstracts. The environment will be conducive for them with a lot of special equipment that will suit the needs of these children. Okay, thank you ma'am. So for the next question, in your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based or oversight, that prevent the school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? Thank you very much. I would like to say, financially, the running costs we are having is not enough to manage the school. This school is a boarding house where we have to make sure we feed the children. Feeding is very, very important, three times in a day. So if we can see increase in the running costs, it will go along with the children. Though we have some NGO friends of the school that support the school, but we want our running costs, not only Mudupeko or the special school in Lagos State, that the teens are not easy. Teens are too expensive. And most of these children, we encourage them with food also. Because the drugs they are taking is very, very strong antibiotics, so that it will go away with them, with the food that they are eating. Thank you. So, for the next question, what would need to be changed, need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the ministry, to make significant and sustained improvement to the school accessibility? Thank you very much. If another school, special school, if the Lagos State or the government, the ministry, can help us to establish another special school that have boarding school, it will make a lot of improvement in Mudupeko school. This place, we have a lot of children with different, we have the autistic, we have the dance children, we have the intellectual disabilities. And this is the only one in Lagos State that have boarding facilities. Though, thank God for Lagos State, they are participate in inclusive education. Whereby, in a regular school, in each local government, you will see a regular school with special school. And as a result of integration, there is a lot of improvements. In the life of these children. So, we want Lagos State or the ministry, the ministry to help us push the government to build another special school with boarding. Okay. So, lastly, is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? Inclusive education is very, very important. And I remember some times ago, it was Dr. Likikutun that introduced this inclusive education. Whereby, regular schools in this environment, in this mainland local government, will come and do vocational work in Mudupeko. And as a result of this integration, these children are being integrated. Instead of running away from them, they accept them. Because disability is not an inability. They need to be accepted in the society. They need to show love to them. It is not a disease that can be spread. It's just a condition that needs to be diagnosed early. Early integration is very, very important for these special children. So, as a result of this integration, we have a lot of improvement. When they see these children outside, they don't run away from them again. They know that, yes, they are our friends. That they can do. And it's even improving their speech. Their mobility also. By the time they push them, they can't do anything. By the time they push them, they will stand. Not that they will injure them. When they push them, they will carry them. It is improving their mobility. Alright. Thank you very much, Teresa. You are welcome, sir. God bless you.