Number one, we have interview questions for you. How does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? If I want to say this in general, in reference to my school, there is no achievement of that in this school because children with special abilities were not made provision for. We teach them alongside with other children. Whatever we already plan is based on the normal children in the school. So there is no opportunity for us to make a special arrangement for them. Okay. Number two, implementation gap. What came through the process for the recent infrastructure upgrades? How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? Actually, there is no special infrastructure for them in the school yet. So anything was not considered concerning us. No special one. I didn't have something special for them. One would have been able to make this a piece in residence. Okay. So, I think that was the first step of these children with special abilities. But there was no special infrastructure for any of them. Thank you. Okay. Barriers. In your view, what are the significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based or oversight, that prevent the school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? Of course, there is financial barrier there. And another thing is that, people with team of parents, they are not going to be able to make arrangements between their children according to their social finishing, whether whatever until they graduate A, B, C, D, or E. The language barrier, yeah, it doesn't necessarily happen. If there are other Horizons or other services, they won't be available before yet, because they're required to periodically issue theselast video. Okay? So, I think that the first starting climate change will decide the dire fact, and it is still a cross-functional topic around the Government an each year. That's right. So, how do you macroeconomic change the language barrier? So, families do not probably have to be aware of all the vocabulary matters. And it's the road map. Right? It's some of the very important things that the government determine. What happens is that there are the resources, which are the resources and people need to know кPhilIP other children are learning. The next one, looking forward, what will need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the ministry, to make significant and sustained improvements to the school's accessibility? Since even in Ojoie, we have schools with children with special abilities and since the parents of this girl refused to take the children I think a potential will also be given to us here for the government to provide infrastructure so that our schools too will have means of training these children since they don't want to go far away from going. So infrastructure from the government will also be needed. Even in the school here, training needs to be done for we, that are not special teachers, so that we know what the inspector of health can do concerning the children with disabilities. Okay, closing. Is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for youth to understand? Of course, though due to lack of space, I would have preferred that building should be made for special children here. They also, just as I said earlier, the protection should be provided. Then, teachers with direct special education should be posted to the school as well. Then, also, we have made materials that are educative, that are needed to be used by teachers so that learning can be effective in understanding these children. Thank you.