Good afternoon ma'am. Good afternoon. Yes ma'am. Can we meet you ma'am? I am Ms. Olivia Onorunwake, the editor of ComiCross. Thank you very much ma'am. My name is Aishafe Kazimola-Lekon. I'm here based on the comparative research study that I've spoken to you earlier. I have some interviews for you. How does the goal of physical accessibility for your pupils with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? Can I come again? Okay ma'am. Thank you ma'am. Thank you all. And the funding. Government needs government intervention. Thank you very much ma'am. Do you have any recent infrastructure that is being upgraded in your school? And is there any accessibility that you are working on? Are there any facilities for the physical challenged people? Are they being considered? Are they being prioritized? To be honest, there is nothing like that. There is nothing like that. Alright. Thank you very much. In your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge base or oversight, that prevents this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards for the pupil? Okay. In your own view, what are the most significant barriers? Whether financial, knowledge base or oversight, that prevents this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards for the pupil? I think accessibility standards are the most significant barriers. Okay. Okay. Okay. That is okay. Segregation. Segregation. Okay. Okay. From the regular people. Okay. Okay. Like you should have an inclusive unit in your own school as well. Okay. Thank you very much ma'am. So what would need to change, either internally or from external bodies, like the ministry? I know you've been mentioning the government's diversion or probably the NGOs that can comment. So what has been, what you need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the ministry, to make significant and sustained improvement to the school accessibility standards? To the school accessibility standards? Everything is based on funding. Is based on the funding as well. Yes. Thank you very much ma'am. Okay. Now, this is the end part. Is there anything else about the challenges or sources of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? Well, there is no specific. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. We really appreciate you. And I can also tell you we look into it, and we always intervene to the best of our knowledge. Thank you very much.