How does the goal of a physically accessible for pupils with disability compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? For physically challenged pupils we have in our school, I don't think we have any issues with them because we deal with them like we deal with other pupils. And we deal with their parents like us, treating other parents of those that are not physically challenged. We don't really have any special maintenance for them because they are in class with the pupils. Gradually they are coping. What makes you the president of recent infrastructure upgrades? How are accessibility features considered and prioritised? Infrastructure for them? We don't have any physical structure for them. They are in class with other pupils too and they cope well with them. So in your school, what do you do? We do the same thing. In your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based or oversight, that prevent this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? Ability to access them is not always difficult because you don't have too many of them on ground. Presently we have one and he is in our primary 6 and he will soon graduate. So although we brought him all the way from France, he has been the only one since the other one graduated. He has been the one that we have worked through from primary 2 to primary 6. So we don't have much. We are sensing his and his. So what would you need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the Ministry, to make significant and sustained improvements to the school's accessibility? Oh, I would say for those of us who are in the school, we need to change. I would say for those children that are physically challenged, I've seen schools that are meant specially for them. And I think government should also give them opportunities for those that are not coping academically. I think government should also provide the opportunities for them to learn vocational trainings, which we have in the school already, through the LG. So we have those that are into cobbling. They are cobblers. Some are into fashion and some are into to learn and some to are papas. So I think those that are not coping academically can also be led through vocational trainings. So is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? For now, based on the purpose we have this week, I don't think we have any. Because if they are not coping academically, I think they are doing well. Since we have the Gopio National Centre here, they are coping well in that aspect. Thank you.