My name is Solomon and I'll be asking you a few questions. The first question here is, how does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? So let's say for instance there's a commission from the government to renovate or do some maintenance. How well do they prioritize things that has to do with accessibility for students with disabilities? Good afternoon, my name is Mr. Subar Kenyola Yinka. I'm the head teacher or the school manager for Yoruba Tewi's primary school in Ditsimeta, in Nelang, local government. In doing this, we need the government to be able to provide the necessary services for students with disabilities. We need the government to make sure that they give us the amenities or facilities that will be useful for both the able and the disabled pupils. For example, for now in the school where we talk about the classrooms, it's not an accessible class for the disabled. We cannot ask the children to be helping them at all times. They can come in from the gate. At the time the lecture is going on, we cannot ask a child to come out and assist them because at that very period, it can be the time such a child is learning the class. But if they make the environment or the school environment accessible for these disabled people, start from the gate without assisting, without helping, they will be able to come into the class by themselves. Without helping. So, we need to ask any assistance from anybody. Okay, thank you. Seven question is, walk me through the process for the recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? So anything new, like a new maintenance or anything that was done in this school? Was it particularly about accessibility or it was just other infrastructure? The other infrastructure that are in the school presently, they are mainly for the able pupils. Talk about the recent maintenance. Over the years, have you done any maintenance? No, no. All the maintenance they did is mainly for the able pupils. No provision for the disabled. The third question is, in your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based or oversight, that prevent this school from achieving full compliance with accessible standards? What are the things that you feel that you don't have in this school that even if you want to start obtaining students with physical challenges, what are the things that you know that we don't have? What are the things that we cannot use to meet up with this requirement of those students? Those things that is being needed now, if at all we want to consider the disabled, right from the gate, from the school gate. From the school gate, the gate is not accessible for the disabled. The classrooms too, how they will get from the gate to the classrooms is not accessible. The toilet too is the problem because they need to go to the toilet freely by themselves, without any assistance. All those things are needed for them to enroll such children into the school. Moving on. What would you need to change, either internally or from external bodies, like the ministry, to make significant and sustained improvement to the school's accessibility? We are still on the disabled. Yes, sir. Yes. There are many things that has been needed to be done. Just like what I said, I said starting from the gate. The seating arrangement, the seats that we are using now, is not accessible to the disabled because where they need to sit is where they will hang their, what do they call it? Coaches. Yes. Even the wheelchair. Yes. Those ones using the wheelchair, the school is not accessible. The way it's been planned for now, it's not accessible. Yes. All the amenities that we are using in the school presently is not accessible to the disabled. So all those things are needed for them to meet up. Okay. My last question. Is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? So if by tomorrow now, the government is able to provide everything that is needed for students of all physical abilities, what is going to be the success for all students? What is the goal? What is the goal? Is it going to pose another challenge or a problem after Juhida or is it going to be a success? What are the things that the opportunities or the advantages of doing all of that? If they are able to do all these that we mentioned, it will increase the population of the school and it will still give all these disabled, it will give them an opportunity to mix up with other children without any discrimination. We still have, presently we still have some children that they have brothers and sisters that are disabled. And this thing, all these problems that has been on grant, asking that them for coming to school. They will be saying, ah, who will bring me to school? Okay, if I should come to school, who will take me back home? But if all these things is being done, those people will switch here, they will be free to move around, to play around with other people. Okay. They will be able to move around with other children without assisting. Instead of pushing them on the wheelchair, they will be able to make use of the wheelchair by themselves. Those ones using crutches, they can be playing around. If the environment is very, very conducive for them. At least they will be able to move around, to play around with other children. Thank you very much, Pastor.