Good afternoon, my name is Lawaz Nomade Dwi, the M.D. Officer for Agnes Khan Primary School, Aradagun, Musafeshon, Safedjo, Badagwe. And here with me, I have my head teacher, the person of Musaf Sami Nolabode. Thank you, Sasa. We have some questions that I would like to ask you. The first one says, how does the goal of physical accessibility for pupils with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? Yeah, thank you. This is a question. There are some key ways that need to be explained. For instance, inclusive pupils, one, then infrastructure, then how does it compete with other pupils in the infrastructure? So when making decisions for this Northern Primary Education, these inclusive pupils have to be put in place, have to be considered, so that they can be supported. And then they can learn along with their peers. For instance, now this school, we have two, three entrances at least with the building. Two for the other children, then one for the inclusive children. Yeah, but they can have access to college and other things. So when making decisions, first need to be put in place, then provide for their needs, so that they can learn along with their peers. All right. Thank you, Sasa. So the second question here says, walk me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility fixtures considered and prioritized? The government has been good enough because like this meeting I'm talking about was put in place in 2015. So with the inclusive pupils in mind, this structure was put in place considering the pupils, inclusive pupils when defining the structure. So government has been doing fine in that direction. All right. Thank you, Sasa. And then the third one is about barriers. In your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial knowledge base or oversight that prevents this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? Like I said, not every schools have that opportunity like I'm mentioning now that we have provision for these pupils. So every other school must consider that because we have these pupils in every environment. Then you don't have to leave those education into some certain centres. We have one that I agree most families to one at LA together, where it should be decentralized so that every people in every community have access to this special education. Thank you, Sasa. We have checks for your feedback, Sasa. Then the first one, which is according to the last says, what we need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the ministry, to make significant and sustained improvements to the school's accessibility. When planning for education budget, this special PPE should be put in place, should be put in mind so that there will be more funds, then more infrastructure that cater for their needs. Then more educational gadgets that, you know, can carry them along so that they can learn at their own pace and then they can be used to society. All right. Thank you, Sasa. The last question here is, is there anything else about the challenges or successes, of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? Like I said, every school must have a place for them. The most special teachers should be employed and referred to these public schools so that whenever they find themselves, these people can learn, not necessarily taking them to any special centre. Then as a result of that, more colleges of education or more universities of education for special education, more courses should be put in place so that they can cater for these rising needs of this special PPE, so to say. Thank you very much. All right. Thank you, sir. Thanks for your time, sir. So once again, my name is Lawaz Nambali doing the MS of myself for Anglican Primary School, Aradagun, Musafirjo. And my boss, Mr. Usa Taminu. Thank you, sir.