Good morning. What's your name? My name is Ashok Aloda Mnola Oluwaferemi. Oluwaferemi. You are a teacher, right? Yes, sir. Okay. I want to ask you about the people that you've been teaching. In your daily activities, in your daily work, how noticeable is the school's physical environment in either supporting or challenging the people with mobility? Do you need to teach or support? To teach. I just want to teach. Yeah, to teach and support. Do you ever notice maybe there's a challenge of mobility? That is movement of your people from the classroom, from their home or from... Yes, sir. Okay. So what do you observe there? What is it? I observe that when they go to the toilet, they will tell me, they will tell me and I will let them go one after the other. Okay. When they want to go to the toilet... Yes, yes. They will tell me. They will tell you. Yes, yes. You follow them down there? No, but I don't tell them to go, but I tell them to go. Okay. So, you follow them down there? Go one after the other. One after the other. Okay. Now, would you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of classroom physical setup? Yes, sir. Because some of them, they are good in writing and also good in reading. Some of them. They are good in writing. Are they having any challenge with the way the classroom is being set up? Of course, yes. So, how... Can you tell me more about that? Yes, of course. If the classroom is suggested and enough, I will tell them to shift the class and they will behave and see that. The older. Okay. Now, having worked with pupils in different settings, what differences, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you would attribute to the physical environment? Of course. Yes. But some of them, they need to be able to behave and be a good student and participate in their studies. Okay. In their studies. Okay. What is the one change to the school's physical infrastructure that you believe would make the biggest difference for your pupils? Yes, you said it's education. Yes. Yes. So, what do you expect from us or from this particular platform? If you show your opinion and if you advise us on it or it is in your interest, whatains it for? Let me ask you my first question. This particular information is when you changed your motivation, it will change generations of decisions in the class. When grandparents change generations. Deswegen,不 er score. I am an African American. This is a change. This will change our qualities and our ways of learning. Let me ask you the next question. What did you say about emotions? What a change it would have made in your life. they don't give them money to buy you or not so some of them they refuse to bring yeah yeah appearance could not provide for them all right thank you thank you all right thank you very much