In your daily work, how noticeable is the school physical environment either supporting or challenging the people with mobility needs? You teach us support. Our environment is conducive and helping us to teach the children. Our environment is supporting us to mobilize the children with special needs. That is why we have a ramp for those people that are using wheelchair so that they will be able to get into the class conveniently. Could you describe a specific instance where you saw people's ability to concentrate or participate in a learning environment? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. There was a day we are teaching here. My children saw somebody that is coming. That person dressed like all these Elijah. The one that they will cover their face. So they thought they saw the masculine. That is how they started screaming. That is all masculine. The masculine is coming to the school. so we need to to rearrange the class the way they they scatter all the chairs because they are running for the woman that is coming so i need to go and meet the woman that she should not come to this site she said she want to see me i said okay i'll come and meet you in the office because my children are scared because of her social behavioral link from your professional view so what extent did the toilet ramp and door help people develop independence or convenience creates independence on adults yeah it's helping them the host people that are using wheelchair through the ramp they are able to take themselves to the toilet without the help of anybody and some people that they don't even know the way to the toilet before they know the way to the toilet when they want to go and we or the to go and poop so it's make them to be to be to be independent evil toilet training a lot of them we taught them toilet training here because they used to pull way on their body so i'll be watching them to see the sign if i see that they are looking for my was them to go to the toilet and they know the way to the toilet comparatively having worked with people's in different settings what differences if any any have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that would attribute to the physical environment ah if you teach in a regular school before and you come to this place this place is another world entirely is another world when you come to this special class you will know that life is all balanced you will see different as our classes now we have different disabilities that we are dealing with as they are sitting together they have different problems in this class we have autistic child we have done dance syndrome we have their policy different disabilities are here so when you are when you are a regular teacher you are you used to teach a regular puppy and you now come here you will see that this place is another world entirely closing what is the one change to the school physical instruction that you believe will make the biggest differences for your people ah if i can be zu and there is no life in our school for us to be able to be using them we have the air 15 crusader that require lightays no dar ear lights depend on us values in our school like the n flex for example the npicious emily's umовой you uh yeah on me my89 yeah um aliens in our life so as soon as we also see them that's where we are going to work and iran and sino rosa the future the future of for us to be ab PAC i need one that my father my brother and father's brother Tetretti who is behaviors only because of it because we are not there because my subscribers as friends and my is such an akt torn this was my grandfather and his sisters doctors or example that will have no going back or his father's name after this head we have the clipper for the barbers all this stuff we are even we have a television that we can use to teach them but we don't have lights so if i can see in vata it will change everything here