My name is Ajisela, we are conducting comparative study for pupils living with disability from Suba Ebuma. Okay, so I'll be asking you some questions and the first one goes to us. How does the goal of physical accessibility for pupils with disability compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? Actually, let me start from the school signboard. And the school signboard at the main gates has been destroyed by communities that are wearing animals, which is seriously affecting us. In fact, was it not during the, no, the time that I came to school, the deaf and hard of hearing community, I was told that this thing falls down. I said, falls down. Okay, I challenge you. When I go to an university and I saw one group, one group that's having a problem, I said, oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I said, oh, I'm sorry. Okay. The next question. Walk me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered? Okay. So, the first one is the infrastructure upgrade. The second one is the healing day that was considered and prioritized. Okay. On the infrastructure. The recent infrastructure update is the healing day that was facilitated by the Honourable House of Rest and Safety, Motion Federal Constituency 1. In person of Honourable Adeyemi Adi. It was the one that facilitated the healing day for us. So, we so much appreciate it if we can have medical personnel because we've not been able to get any medical personnel. And we have conducted a lot of care. At least two times now we have conducted hearing tests because we brought audiologists to the clinic that conducted hearing tests for the hearing impaired children. So, people begin to receive the results simultaneously. Is it scary? It's scary in a nuts way. It's tough. It's like disktion. It's like costume hated. Like花 commencé. Back in the earlyining days, yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah.