But in your daily work, how noticeable is the school physical environment, either supporting or challenging the pupils with mobility needs, you teach or support? Okay. The school physical environment is noticeable. It has a supportive environment like in our school we have classrooms and we have accessible toilets that the pupils can easily access easily. Thank you. Could you describe a specific instance where you saw a people's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of the classroom physical setup? Okay. There was a day that we were teaching the pupils savings, how to save money. So... We showed them something like this small bank that they called KOLU and they were all excited. The pupils were... they participated actively in the class with that KOLU, that small bank that they saw. So they participated actively in the classroom and in the whole class discussion. Thank you. Social behaviorally, from your professional view, to what extent do the toilet ramps and those help people develop independent or convenient and create independence on adults? Ma, the question again. From your professional view, to what extent do the toilet ramps and those help people develop independence or create independence on adults? Okay. The toilet is accessible, like it's close to the classroom and we have good WC. The pupils can make use of it very well. It's not... They can use it... They can use it on their own, like independently. Yes. Comparatively, having worked with pupils in different settings, what differences do you see? If any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you would attribute to the physical environment? Okay. Having worked with pupils in different settings, like in regular school and in inclusive school like this, the pupils are different. Their character, their method of learning, they all learn differently. Let me put it that way. So I've seen differences in them. Like the pupils in regular schools, those ones, they... Like I can say that they participate actively in class. They are always willing to learn and some of them, their intelligence content is very high, unlike some pupils in the inclusive schools. Thank you. Closing. What is the one change to the school physical infrastructure that you believe would make the biggest difference in the school? What are the biggest differences for your pupils? Okay. For my pupils, the change to the school's physical infrastructure is like a projector. If we can get a projector to project some of our lessons to the pupils, most times these pupils believe in what they see rather than what they hear. So if we can project what we are teaching, I believe they will learn faster and easier. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Christine. Awesome! Thanks for total introduction! If you want, you can come in. It is somebody who goes to her own town town and publishes for myself. I have tried to answer some questions but it has very little response. I just want to Beyond Mind if you're able to sing your own songs, if you can please fucking pay for my skills. So I would like to ask Karen Crawford, a director of Chuma in finally this event, to introduce youis a guest. Good evening and good evening, dear students and new students. Hello, I'm Karen Crawford from ChumaThat's Him sir. Wonderful! Thank you very much for your attention today. Thank you. And if you're having problems, you can ask me, you can ask me... OK.