The first question ma'am. In your daily work, how noticeable is the school's physical environment in either supporting or challenging the people with mobility needs you teach or support? At least, in this our environment, we can say we are afraid with the mobility of the puppies with special needs, at least in our environment. Because, when they are coming to the school, we have wide gates and there is a drainage, so that they will know... the drainage is a path, so that the children will not fall inside the drainage. And some paths are... covered, while some they didn't cover. But at least we are afraid concerning that. Could you describe a specific instance where you saw a people ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of the classroom physical set up? In the cognitive... that is cognitive area. In the learning aspects. The puppies are... trying at least to... to understand and to cooperate with us. They are trying their best as a special children. Although we may not have enough teaching instruction, so that they can be better, but at least our puppies are trying with little teaching instruction that we have. Okay. Social behavioral link, from your professional view, to what extent did the... did the toilet ramps and does... help people develop independent or conversal... create the independent on adults? Concerning the toilets in our environment, government are trying, but we still need the closer one, the closer toilet, because the one that we have in the school is very far to us. So we need the closer one, so that the puppies can be accessed. They can have the... they can have the ability to move closer to the toilets, because the one that we are using now is too far from us. So it's giving us problem. It's giving us problem, but we are trying our best. Ma, comparatively, having work with peoples in different... different places is the most important. And then, what about the... the... the social environment? What's the difference? What difference, if any, are you seeing in the social confidence or academic engagement that would attribute to the physical environment? Concerning the social... ... ...comparative in the school, it's at least during the break time, the... ... the physical environment is very important. The physical environment is very important, and it's the place for the students to interact with the regular students. So, with that, it's helping them to feel belong... They feel... They feel belong in the school. They are not separated. They are inclusive in non-area. Even if it is a sport, we carry everybody along. So, yeah, working together. would make the biggest difference for your peoples? At least if the government can provide the balls for the school. Because, this environment, we are in the industrial area. If they can provide balls for us, at least we will have enough students. It's affecting us. That's a... say, environment. This environment that we have, is affecting us. Even the regular students, it's affecting everybody generally. We are in industrial area. So, the puppies are not... the airspace, they are not be able... they cannot come to the school themselves. So, the parents are facing problem concerning the area that we are. So, bring the children. So, if the government can provide balls for us, it... it will be more effective for us. Subtitles by the Amara.org community