Good morning ma, can I meet you? Yes sir, I'm Madhika. Okay, okay. Awesome, well done. So, I would like you to give me adequate answer for the questions. In your daily work, how noticeable is the school physical environment in either supporting or challenging the pupil with mobility needs which you teach or support? Okay, I work in an inclusive unit here where we teach children, we teach children with various needs. We teach children in my department. So, with children with mobility needs, the... the challenge they are having is that we don't have ground in my classroom and it affects... it affects their access into the classroom. In the sense that we have to lift the child and the wheelchair into the class each time it comes to school. Then, whenever it needs to go to the toilet, we have to do the same and it takes a lot of strength and time. Okay. So, it's a challenge on the part of the teacher and the pupil because most times it feels like the... the particular child is left out, especially when we have activities like circle time. If you have to sit on his desk while others join the circle time, then it also affects in interacting with other children because you're not able to move around. Thank you, mother. Now, going to the second question, which is a cognitive thing. Could you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of the classroom physical setup? Yes. The classroom physical setup has affected the cognitive learning of the pupil. The child is learning of that particular child in so many ways because by the time other pupils have to come out when, for example, I want to show them instructional materials, if not for improvisation, they would have been left out so many times. But we have to improvise by moving the materials close to him by asking instead of the other pupils to come out a certain time. So, we have to improvise by moving the materials close to him. So, most times, he might feel like, so I have to depend on people before I do basic things. So, it has affected so many. Thank you, mother. Now, going to the third question, which is based on social behaviour learning. From a professional view, to what extent do the toilet run the child? One and those, how pupils develop independence or conversely create dependence on adults? Yes. The toilet run, we actually help the pupils to be dependent because if we have them, the pupils working, sitting on wheelchair can easily move around without depending on the adults or the friends in the class. So, it affects them. Yes. So, I am taking all the knowledge and applying the knowledge and understanding to them which is very important. So, the rootedТhe stretching from children to adults is adding a lot of importance to them, this is thanks to the two ways make a lot of difference for the kids of today we have to take care to increase skills. I really appreciate your finishing? Yes. So, because kids are good drop down classes usually they start, they like to do clothes confidence of the children, especially the ones having mobility challenges because if the environment is not suitable for their condition, they won't be able to move around. For example, when it's time for them to play in their school, who feels sitting on the wheelchair, they will have to defend. They won't be able to move around, play with their peers while others can easily move around just because of the limitation. Thank you, Nadia. On the closing remark, what is the one change to the school physical infrastructure that you believe will make the biggest difference for your pupils? The one change that will bring a huge difference in the challenges our pupils are facing is building a ramp for easy access into the classroom, easy access into the toilets, and easy access for them to play around the school. That's the big change we need in our school. Madam, thank you very much for having your time. You're welcome, sir.