How does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disability compete with other infrastructure prioritized when decision about spending and returning a life? For some of the disability children, they have their own system that they are using in their department. And when it comes to for the real children, no let us call them the real, they are already. So they work together. We don't discriminate. We are going to do it together. They are still going to their classes. Do you understand? They are still going to their classes. But when it comes to their own, they will make sure that the specialist cater for them. We don't know what they are doing there. It's their specialty that we know how to interpret or do something with them. So, but like I said, we are going to do it together. We are going to do it together. We share the different houses and we are practicing together. So we don't discriminate. We are doing it very commonly. What will you do for the process for recent infrastructure? How will accessibility future consider and capitalize? What will you do? Through the process for recent infrastructure upgrade. How will accessibility future consider and capitalize? That question is very... I don't understand that question very well. Walk me through process of recent infrastructure upgrades. I don't know about the infrastructure for now, over there. But I know that they have some things that they are using to teach the children over there. Is that okay for you? In your view, what are the most important barriers? Whether physical knowledge base or oversight that prevents school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards. The barriers is financial aspects. Over the teachers' parts. You know the children. Some, they cannot hear. You understand? Yes. It's only the time that they put their ear, they see. If I'm hearing aids for them. And how many they have to take. You know it's very, very difficult for the teachers to comply with their situation. And look at those people that cannot talk. And how many teachers do they have there? We need more teachers over there to be teaching the children. And recently, it's recently that I can see that. They are blinded. This, why that man is no more there. Because they, they, they, due to, so they need some things. So that these children will be able to cope with the things that is going on. Looking forward now, what would you do need to change either internal or from external bodies like the ministry. To make civic rights and sustain improvement to the school accessibility. What do we need? Number one, we need teachers. Number two, they need financial support. Either from NGO, from the ministry. So that they will be able to carry them along. Is there anything else about the school accessibility? Is there anything else about the challenges and sources of creating and increasing physical development here that you think is important for me to understand? For you to understand? Okay, like I said before, we, they need, the challenge is financial support. They need financial support over there. They need tobacco. Aren't they hard. Yes they are. They like rubber a lot.ayed and a better student or bloody.