Thank you. Sir, in your daily work, how many noticeable is the school physical environment in either supporting or challenging the people with mobility needs you teach or support? Like if I may tell you, the physical environment has been a great challenge to us. For example, we don't have ramp in the school like I've said. It's very difficult for these children that are on wheelchair to access their classroom. Even to go to toilet, we find it difficult. So teachers have to begin to pilot, carry them and you know what it means. When I have a grown up puppies, it's not easy. Sir, Conjit Blink, could you describe a specific instance where you have a child who is on mobility needs, where you saw a people's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of the classroom's physical set up? Yes, yes, yes. You see, we are talking about special puppies here. Their setting should be different from the regular class puppy setting. Because in our own special whatever, we deal with them individually. We have what we call IEP, individual education. Individual Education. Professional Education Program. Whereby the way you tackle Puppies A will be different from Puppies B. You don't just combine, you have 10 puppies in the class and you are teaching them. No, no, no, no. In special education, in our own area, we handle them one after the other. So that is what I mean by individualized. So the classroom needs to be conducive. The next question, sir, social behaviors linked. From your professional view, what extent did the toilet ramps and door help people develop independence or convenience create independence on adults? On the toilet issue that we just mentioned we need to do more, government need to do to help us more because these children they could not assess, in fact most of them that are physically challenged like cerebral palsy could not assess, have a better access to the toilet they have been presently. If we have a poopies on the wheel chairs, it's supposed to have ramp to the toilet to be able to go there on a whole on its own but the situation whereby teacher will follow is you can't stay with them inside the toilet when they are poopooing or toileting so it has been a problem. Let's put it that way. Thank you sir. The next question comparatively. Yes. Having worked with people in different settings, what difference if any have you seen, what difference if any have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you would attribute to the physical environment? Okay, yeah you are talking about, we are talking about their education here. We don't want, we are using the same syllabus, we are using the same schemes and they are teaching the same things. The only thing is we have to be more, break their own work down a little bit, not the way we teach irregular, that is we soften their own scheme. When we are giving a scheme, then we are breaking them into pieces so that these children can understand because they are quite different from the regular poopies. So let me put it that way. Thank you sir. What is the one change to the school physical instructional, that you are talking about? What is the one change to the school physical instructional, that you are talking about? What is the one change to the school physical instructional, that you are talking about? What is the one change to the school physical instructional, that you believe would make the biggest differences for your peoples? Beautiful. It's a beautiful question. The environment we are at the school presently, we lack some necessary things, basic facility for these children. I've mentioned it in the earlier interview, that is we have poopies on which year to access their classroom is a difficult thing. Most especially if you look at this our compound, we have erosion drainage that is just, you know, it's not easy to access the classroom. Most especially if you look at this our compound, we have erosion drainage that is just, you know, it's not easy to access the classroom. It's tape...... IT's not covered. So for these children to even cross, is a problem. It constitutes problems for us with staff, we just have to begin to carry and it takes a lot of time from their teaching. So in short, if government can help us and do more, but they have been trying, government has been trying, very large for us but we want more so that we can access the social care 누 the children can enjoy their teaching, they can have more better access to the facility that is on grant. Thank you. Thank you, sir.