Hello Mr. Matthew, can you tell me your name? And on behalf of Mr. Matthew, we have his classroom teacher here who will be interpreting for us. What's your name, madam? My name is Ms. Aguilera. Okay. Can you help me ask him this question, please? If a new student is given to the school, where can he take the new student to as a tour to the school? Matthew, if we have another new student in our school, where would you like to take the person to the school? Where would you like to show the person in the school? In this case, I want you to sing this song and tell me. What would you like to show? Thank you for your response. Now, in your school, are the doors at the school easy for you to use? Matthew, if once you enter the school, the class, or the toilet in the school, or anywhere you go in the school, do you find it easy entering it? Is it always easy for you to enter the class, to enter the school? No, it's not. No, it's not. Okay. So, if you're preparing for the exam, what is the most difficult thing for you? What is the most difficult thing for me? In my high school... In my high school, we are homebound. Our school is... My brother is very good. He is good. He is very good. We are homebound group two. What it's trying to say is that, most of the time, if he wants to get into the school, he would call on the teachers, he would call on the students to help him because he can't do it independently. So, yes, because he has a lot of time, he has a lot of time, he will come to the school, he will come to the school, and he will take a lot of time to see the students. So, he's always on time. Okay. Okay. So, he's also on time. we don't have ramps in the school so we ask to call on anyone to help them to assist in lifting them up to enter the class. Thank you, Martin. Now, another question for you, Martin. Is the school toilet easy to get in and out by yourself? Can you go into the toilet by yourself? Can you come out of the toilet by yourself? Martin, if you want to, can you go by yourself? Can you go by yourself? How do you go by yourself? Have you ever come by yourself? So who will help you? Your mummy. What about in the school? We are tough now. Is it, you know, in the school, is it your mummy or your teacher or can you do it by yourself? What he's trying to say is that when he wants to ease himself in the school, you have to call the teacher to assist him. So he calls the teacher to assist him to get out of the class, after that get into the toilet, into the toilet and assist him back into the class. Thank you, Martin. Martin, can you tell me the time when you feel happy? You can do things on your own. Yes, I can. I can do things on my own. I can do things on my own. I can do things on my own. I can do things on my own. I can do things on my own. Independently. Martin, what are the things that you can do on your own without calling your teacher? You can do it by yourself and you're always asking for help. Daddy! Daddy! I'm going to call the teacher. Call the teacher. Yes., because of something in the building, off the ground. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . he's walking around playing around and he cannot join them so you make him feel less thank you matthew matthew if you get magic hands if you get power can you hear me what you do what do you think we could change your school is he said that what we like to do is to do the things that we make things easy for him check his profiles wait my phone he can check the profiles so now if you show your profile and you know uh my phone can't or first Straight Characters is a positive community it can be anything and if I'm a deaf huge number ultimately you make comprehensive decisions with respect to us i believe that as soon as we served that process and you've reached these standards and you want us to build a good schoolhill number and make that chance think about being successful look at what they've done