Good afternoon madam, sorry good day madam. Good afternoon. My name is Jemi, my name is... My name is Ebusaya Espan. Thank you very much ma. I have some little questions for you ma, concerning your discipline, your classroom teaching. So here are the questions ma. Okay, right? Number one. In your daily work, how noticeable is the school physical environment in either supporting or challenging the pupils with mobility needs you teach or support? In our daily work, our school physical environment is friendly to certain level because we have which is... What's... We don't have ramps in all the classrooms. It's only to the school... We have ramps to the school entrance. But in the classroom, when the children... Children with a mobility challenge want to enter, we have to lift all the... The wheelchair, the body connector, carry them. We do this some of the time wasting a lot of effort. And it affects the learning as well. But at least they are managing themselves. And they will not even have a wide doorway. They want to pass at times. Thank you, ma. Now going to the second question, which is a cognitive link. Could you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in the learning chain because of the classroom physical setup? Yes. Because some children, when they get to the class, and if they see the way you arrange your class, some children will be more and their mentality will change and they will be ready to learn. Because maybe the way you arrange your decks, your chairs and tables, because you have the learning materials on which they can relate to it. And when you are teaching them, they can evaluate some things or replace what you want. So it affects the learning change in the child. At times when you see the child that is struggling, you can use the scaffolding system for them. So there's someone that can do the work as early as possible. You can give them the more tact to learn about. That will lead to their critical thinking evaluated. Thank you, ma. Now going to social behavioural link. From your professional view, to what extent do the toilets, run and doors help pupils develop independence or conversely create dependence on adults? Now I want to talk about one that is in my school. Our children with mobility challenges, they have to depend on others to help them in taking them to the toilet or even other classroom. Simply because we don't have ramp to the toilet, to the classroom. And other, like our vocational department, so they have people to help them. And that in a way even affects their social dependence because they are not feeling, they are not feeling among their peers. And that will even affect their learning as well. Thank you. Now going to comparative. Having worked with people with different settings, what difference, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you would attribute to physical environment? Yes, you know we are talking about in other settings, in other schools, I can see in some schools they put the children with special needs, they put them to concentration in the sense that some of the classrooms, some of the staff, they put ramp there and they give them the, they give them the opportunity to have access to the different classes to learn and to relate to other children in a different perspective. But our home needs to improve in inclusive settings so as to enhance their social confidence in family. And they be able to have active, they be able to actively listening, pay attention in the classroom and relate to other with their parents. So they will be able to manage the stress by themselves. By the time we provide all these facilities for them and they feel to be present in any classroom when needed. Not only that, it helps the academic engagement by going from one classroom to another to interact and experience their, I expect their feeling during the class activities. So certainly, we need to improve on this so that our children be able to navigate with their families. Thank you, Nga. Now on the closing remark, Nga. What is the one change to the school physical infrastructure that you believe will make the biggest difference for your pupils? As I said earlier on, provision of the operands to the entrance of the classroom, toilet and workroom. Not only that, but we still need to make available wide-way entrance so that the children with mobility challenges will be able to navigate and to learn and to relate and to move freely. So that this will be an attribute to the academic engagement and social dependence and be able to relate to the other people. We need this and we still need to, like it's drinkable water, stable electricity and so on and so forth. So that if the environment is positive for them, it will facilitate learning to be effective. Thank you, Madam. Mrs. Uguso, I really appreciate taking your time. You're welcome.