How does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disability compete with the other infrastructure priorities when decisions are about to spread and things are needed? I think the infrastructure we have in our school is not conducive for the kind of challenges people have in our school. I believe if they can give them smart boards, TV, what they see, some of them can see, some of them need hearing aids, and those that are blind, they need mobility systems. Okay. So if they can provide this to make the place more conducive for them, I think it's better. Interpretation gaps. Walk me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. How will accessibility future consider and improve? I see. Okay. I'm going to go to the next slide. Okay. Thank you. So as you have seen, that the barrier, I've mentioned some of the barrier conducive class for this challenge. So we have a lot of physical challenges. People, they need it. So, and also in this school, we have a lot of physically challenged students like, not the name you call that, like what is it? Physically challenged. Physically challenged. Thank you. All same. Same job. Same job. Same job. Same job. Same job. Same. Couldn't be different from the names they get for their children. So I believe if they can provide them with the instructional materials that will aid the teachers to carry out this learning-teaching effectively, we appreciate. Alexia Personal Trainingτού Presenter Okay, we are looking forward if the government can assist these fiscally challenged students by providing more instructional materials for them that can aid them in learning. So the school will appreciate it. Well, when you talk about challenges, we have challenges and the school also has recorded a lot of sources for having this inclusive school. In the midst of others that are not. I think then playing together, moving together, they learn through their behavior and even the physical environment here is okay for them. They were able to be included to miss with the normal schools. But as I have said earlier that we see needs for instructional materials that can facilitate the teaching of the students. That's the Events. We need this method to." As I have said, we are looking forward for this. I think theain is also going to die here. integral, the same way they have not only the education and the progress toチャンネル so things have not been looking for the? Yeah. him. Yeah. By now they are trying to eat, even learning, writing. In this area, I think there is a success, but the challenges we are still having is still on the instructional materials. So we need more instructional materials. So in order to facilitate, to enhance that teaching and learning process. Thank you.