Good afternoon madam. Good afternoon sir. My name is Adi Yemi. My name is Itin Kuz. I am Itun D. Estab. Which school are you teaching now? Akinari Primary School, Kumuku. Thank you very much ma'am. You are welcome sir. I have some questions for you. Okay. The number one question is, in your daily work, how noticeable is the school physical environment in either supporting or challenging the people with mobility needs you teach or support? You answer. Answer. Okay. The school is supporting the children with mobility challenges in various ways like they are giving them enough space in order to ensure that they too participate in the teaching and learning environments. Then also, you also give them time when it comes to class activities in order to carry out their own schedule also actively. Then also, their mates also, we ensure that they work as a team with them and also to show them how. Thank you madam. You are welcome. And now the next question ma'am. Would you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in the lesson change because of the physical setting? Now, the only thing that happened there is such a child because due to the way the school was being set up so the child was not able to concentrate the pupil the pupil that are physically challenged in the class when the lesson was changed we tried to continue, continue ma'am just try to ensure that continue Did you get the question ma'am? Let me come again. Could you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in the lesson change because of the classroom physical change? Yes. Like when it was raining in the morning one of the pupils in the class that was physically challenged couldn't cope due to the weather and the way the place was. So, the teacher helped them. Yes, the teacher helped them in order to ensure that they can have access to all the materials that they need. So, the teacher helped them to concentrate the pupil and to concentrate on the lesson and to concentrate on the classroom physical change. So, that's one of the things that we have talked about. Thank you ma'am. Now, comparative. Having worked with pupils in different settings, what difference, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you attribute to physical environment? Speak now. No, no. Thank you ma'am. In a closing remark, what is the one change to the school physical infrastructure that you believe will make the biggest difference for your pupil? Well, if the school can be improved, like providing more infrastructure for the pupils so that the school environment can be more inclusive for them for learning. Thank you very much.