Good afternoon, Uma. My name is Ade Yeniu. Can I meet you, Uma? My name is Mrs. Bakari Tawakalut, the head teacher of Akina Adepra Marist School. Thank you very much, Uma. In the next few minutes, I have some questions for you, Uma. All right. Thank you, Uma. The first question is, how does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disability compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending, maintenance are made? The goal of accessibility of physical... The goal... Call me again, please. My question is, Uma, how does the goal of physical accessibility for pupils with disability compete with other infrastructure priorities? When decisions about spending and maintenance are made? So, the goals to focus on... Though we have few physical disability pupils in this school, so their goals should be focused on the type of classroom, the method of teaching, the method of teaching them, and then the... to encourage friendship among pupils. So, how we create space for them in the classroom so that they can move around like the normal children. Then we give them time. We give them extra time while teaching them. Thank you, Uma. Now, the next question is on implementation gap. Madam, what will be the process of recent infrastructure... the process of recent infrastructure upgrades? How will accessibility future considered and prioritized? We need to consider the aspects that we have. We do have some physical disability pupils in the school. By giving them... By giving them good plan. You plan for them, give them accessibility to classroom. You have the tools. I support it. Thank you. Now, we've got one more question. Madam. Fellow deans, this is Mudin. I want to be brief, we have this desire on school access was Oregon mentioned as anothers indicator for accessibility over the age of 16. And one of the main gratifications we have is that we managed to design and develop topics of accessibility to date, are not enough classroom for them that we are able to give space for them to move around and no learning material for them like braille notebooks and so on. Thank you Ma. Looking forward Ma, what would you need to change either internally or from external bodies like ministry to make significant and sustained improvement to the school accessibility? Like what we need from the external process for to, from the external, is that external bodies, thank you, to make provision about writing materials for the physically disabled people and space for their conditions. And inclusive environment for them in the school like other pupils. Yes, thank you Ma. On a closing note Ma, on a closing note Ma, is there anything else about challenges or sources of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think it is important for me to understand? Well, what can, like there is not enough space in the school compound. If there is a space there will be no space. If there is a space there will be no space. There will be provision of extra classroom for them. But there is not enough space in the school compound for them to build extra classrooms for them. And we are... Thank you.