Good afternoon sir. Good afternoon. Welcome. My name is Mr. Badu Di Bousa Golan, the head teacher of the Ansaru Di Nursery and Primary School in Kuti Meta. Alright, so I'll be asking you a few questions. The first question here is, how does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? When we look into the physical challenges side, I mean, what the government should do is to provide things that will enable them to study. Because, these children as a special child, in time of facilities like chairs, tables or toilets, which they are going to use, it will not be the same with the child that does not have physical challenges. So if governments want to make things so easy for those children with challenges, they provide some facilities to which they need. So that is it. Okay sir. Next question. Walk me through the process for your recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? What we have is since 2022. We have like six investment groups within the development community. One of them is sichuan, which mean the nonprofit worldwide investment group or SNG and their which is a hybridrization of marketing, and financial services and beginner teaching. Also, do you have any of those research programs that the grosso group, let's say it's measures correlation between ASST-e dignity and textingентure? Okay, sorry. Moving on. In your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based or oversight, that prevent this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? What I have experienced as the school manager, I think the pupils, they like something. Like, if you do, the school boss or somebody that can help them, bring them to the school. Or if God is with them, they will help them. If God is with them, they will help them. If God is with them, they will help them. And the government can provide the materials also, to which these people, these children, can be used. I think this will help them. Okay, sorry. So, what would need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the ministry, to make significant and sustained improvements to the school's accessibility? What are the things that need to be done? What are the things that need to be done? Is it that you need new doors? Or what are the things that need to be done by the government or anybody that can make this school accessible for all students, including special and regular students? All right. Thank you. With what I mean, with what is on the grant now, the classroom is conducive, but it's not conducive anymore. Okay. So in terms of the daily income that you are entitled to, will it be reduced to the future if you patient? Okay. if governments can provide so i think the under the frd grant the okay the floor of the school help us so that we do this to help we support the education system lastly sir is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand so if by venture government or everything is done to make this school inclusive enough for all students both the regular and the special student what is there going to be a an advantage to that or to bring disadvantages what do you feel about that what i can say is that if they want to make this school so that for the reliability i mean for the challenges side the only thing is that all the interests so that they will make sure that everything is parallel even the entrance which cookies are coming from home the government which we arrange even the toilets because the chairs that for the physical challenges they are using the toilet they are using the toilet they are using the toilet they are using chairs so because we should provide so all these a material if it's on grant it will be very easy so that they will make this okay what the last question is saying is if eventually development i've done all of those things what are the things that it should improve is it that you're going to have more students or it's going to what is what is the successes that is going to bring about if all of those things are done if all these things are done i think it will it will bring more because the physical challenges they are in the environment and all of their battle in the old because of war because they don't have place where they can go to education system so all this if governments arrange and then let all this be done i think the poopy the population and the changes we will see to this school thank you very much