Good afternoon sir. Good afternoon. Welcome. My name is Mr. Badu Di Bousa Golan, the head teacher of the Ansaru Di Nursery and Primary School in Kuti Meta. Alright, so I'll be asking you a few questions. The first question here is, how does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? When we look into the physical challenges side, I mean, what the government should do is to provide things that will enable them to study. Because, these children as a special child, in time of facilities like chairs, tables or toilets, which they are going to use, it will not be the same with the child that does not have physical challenges. So if governments want to make things so easy for those children with challenges, they provide some facilities to which they need. So that is it. Okay sir. Next question. Walk me through the process for your recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? What we have is since 2022. The first is then Isf ending security. I do not feel underneath data security is achieved under a similar. What is present infrastructure нагť Maggie shanes cetamana Moving on, in your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based or oversight, that prevent this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? What I have experienced as a school manager, I think the pupils, they like something. Like, even though the school boss or somebody that can help them, bring them to the school, or if government can provide the materials also to which these people, these children, can be used, I think this will help them. Okay, sir. So, what would need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the ministry, to make significant and sustained improvements to the school's accessibility? What are the things that need to be done? Is it that you need new doors, or what are the things that need to be done by the government or anybody that can make this school accessible for all students, including special and regular students? All right, thank you. What, I mean, with what is on the grant now, the classroom is conducive, but it's not conducive. What I mean is that lights, we have lights, and the fan is not in the classroom. Even the library, we don't have. This is office that we have found, but when we go to each classes, so there is no fan inside the classroom. So, if there is fan, and we don't have library. So, all these things, if governments can provide, so I think the, under the, if I, the grant, the, okay, the floor of the school, so that it will help us, so that it will do this, to help us, to support the education system. Okay, sir. Lastly, sir, is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? So, if by venture, governments, or everything is done to make this school inclusive enough for all students, both the regular and the special students, what is there going to be an advantage to that, or it should bring disadvantages? What do you feel about that? What I can say is that if they want to make this school so that for the reliability, and they have all the challenges side, is that all the aidSave , so that it will make sure that everything so it's parallel. It would attracks which schools are coming from who? The government? The government. Government. You should. You should. to arrange even the toilets because the chairs that for the physical challenges they are using chairs so the government will provide so all this material if it's on grant it will be very easy to make this school as a special school okay sir for the last question is saying is if eventually the government have done all of those things what are the things that it should improve is it I you're going to have more students or it's going to what is the was the successes that is good to bring about if all of those things are done bring more challenges they are in the environment and although there are battle in the old because of what we call the because we don't have this we are the can go to the educational system so all this if governments arrange and let's all this we don't I think the poopy the population and the changes will see this cool thank you very much