Hello, hello. There is a recording going on so please, did you hear that? Let's have it as silent as possible. Tell Farida too. Tell Farida for me. Call Farida. Okay, good afternoon, ma'am. Good afternoon. We are conducting a comparative study research on inclusive schools. Okay. You are one of the teachers so I'm here to interview you. Okay. My name is Akisola. So the first question goes to us. In your daily work, how noticeable is your physical environment in either supporting or challenging the people with mobility needs to teach and support? Okay, thank you for that question. Actually, in my school, we have a primary and inclusive unit. We have ramps that actually give support to students on the wheelchair. So that is not a challenge at all. And the physical infrastructure of the school is well structured to support the pupils. Thank you, ma'am. So could you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of the classroom's physical setup? Okay, thank you. As a teacher, I teach hearing impaired pupils. My pupils are hearing impaired. And the physical infrastructure of my class is okay for them. Just that sometimes because of I'm a sign language, I'm supposed to be an interpreter in the class. Sometimes I teach and I also interpret. So but this is not like a physical problem. But I feel that if there is a class where we have a class assistant, and we have an interpreter step in, and we have a class assistant, and we have an interpreter step in, and we have an interpreter separate, that would give me the opportunity to be able to at least focus more on the pupils with special needs of a class. And also if there could be more instructional materials like flashpads, or tablets, or screen devices that will help them because the more they see, the more they assimilate and learn. So that will also help them. Thank you. So from your professional view, to what extent do the toilets, ramps, and doors help pupils develop independence or conversely create dependency? Okay, like I said earlier, for USA Inclusive Unit, it has been the utmost priority of the school management to be sure that we also teach dependency in our pupils. So our toilets are very accessible for our pupils. They can go by themselves, sometimes without support. And when they need support, support is readily available for them. But we have a lot of support for our pupils. We have ramps, and they are well lit. Water is provided, even if we don't have water system in the school. Management made it a point of view to make sure that water is always available. Thank you, Ma. So have you worked with pupils in different settings? What difference, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you would attribute to the physical environment? Okay, thank you very much. For my pupils, I will use them as a case study because they are the ones who will not feel intimidated when we ask them questions. They will feel motivated to step Where do you think they differ from experienced pupils affected by disability? So I think among the students are relatively adaptive. They didn't put too much stress on their partner. For example, when they call me at the university campus, I think the narcissist factor in assessment is very remarkable. And that you are not bother thinking about when people from colour, colour-and- divine Shi'at are different. You only observe them so much. I'm constantly finding myself viering, trying to teach them why they disagree or such on at Ésea never had a person to help. But I always understand when one day I get such questions, but I only know what same learning pace with them but they are trying to catch up with them and that is a really good thing you know for an inclusive setting like ours in basic three so yeah okay so the last one what's the one change to the school infrastructure that you believe will make the biggest difference for your pupils okay so for physical infrastructure i think my class is upstairs and at the moment we really don't have blind students in but my class is upstairs my deaf person can move around which is good for them but i still feel that if sign language this is the major communicating language for them it can cut across the students and not just me as an interpreter and them if other regular students who can also learn sign language so help them to interact well and better and if in the class we have pictures more pictures because as Erin heard they learn by what they see you know they cannot hear you really appreciate you