Good afternoon Madam. Good afternoon. My name is Adeyemi Adebisi. My name is Kisise Gata and I am a teacher at the United States. Thank you very much. I want to ask some questions from you. Kindly give me answers to the questions. Madam, number one, the interview question is on five aspects. And number one is on broad. How does the goal of the physical accessibility for pupils with disability compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? The physical disability child's inclusive supportive environments, they can as well learn at the same level with the with all the other infrastructure. So, I think that is the main thing. And I think that is the main thing. If they have supportive physical environment, inclusive supportive environments, they can learn together with other pupils. Thank you very much, Uma. Now, the next question is about implementation goals. Madam, what may the process of recent infrastructure upgrades? How will accessibility features considered and prioritized? To the physical challenge. For the, they need to have some inclusive aspects for them that, things that can enable them to learn well. Their own classroom, their own instruction, enable them to be able to learn well. So far, they have a disability that they will tamper with their brain. So, anything that will assess them physically, that will help them physically, they will be able to learn. Thank you, Uma. I appreciate it. Another question, Uma. Question on barriers. In your view, what are the most significant barriers? Whether financial, knowledge-based, or oversight that prevent the school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards. The barriers that prevent the school from this accessibility complex. Inadequate furniture. Inadequate furniture. Inadequate conducive environments for learners. Like, if the learners are too much in a classroom, and there is not enough classroom for them. And with respect to the physical challenge. Yes. Yes. So, what do you think should be the barrier for them? The barrier for them is they need separate classrooms, apart from the other pupils. Because the way they are being made by God, they don't need to be in the same classroom with others. In order not to injure them more. Thank you, Uma. Looking forward, now. What will you learn internally? Or from external bodies? Like ministry. To make significant and sustained improvements to the school accessibility. Come again, please. Thank you. Looking forward, what would need to change? Either internally, or from external body like the ministry. To make significant and sustained improvements to the school accessibility. What needs to change from external activities? Is that they should please come to the school environment. And see the needs and wants of the school. And then support the school in those needs and wants area. Then internally, the school should look ahead and do the maintenance of those things. So that it can last for the pupils. Thank you, Uma. And on the closing remark, Uma. Is there anything else about challenges or successes? Of creating an inclusive physical environment here? That you think is important for me to understand? The challenges we have is that there is not enough space for the physically challenged pupils. To build classrooms for them or another apartment. There is not enough space for them. Thank you, Mrs. Bakary. Nice talking to you, Uma. You're welcome. Thank you, Mr. Bakary. Thank you, Mr. Bakary. Thank you, Mr. Bakary. Thank you, Mr. Bakary. Thank you, Mr. Bakary. Thank you, Mr. Bakary. Thank you, Mr. Bakary. Thank you, Uma. You're welcome.