Good afternoon sir. Good afternoon. Welcome. My name is Mr. Badu Di Bousa Golan, the head teacher of the Ansaru Di Nursery and Primary School in Kuti Meta. Alright, so I'll be asking you a few questions. The first question here is, how does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? When we look into the physical challenges side, I mean, what the government should do is to provide things that will enable them to study. Because, these children as a special child, in time of facilities like chairs, tables or toilets, which they are going to use, it will not be the same with the child that does not have physical challenges. So if governments want to make things so easy for those children with challenges, they provide some facilities to which they need. So that is it. Okay sir. Next question. Walk me through the process for your recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? What we have is since 2022. And this is based on what has been boiling yacht prices. There is a bit of uncertainty among the differentawa hyung angle now. So I think there was, and it also went up, this issue is really high. And there is also the.. It is just a matter of increasing awareness in the NHS, especially in the early age of children. Okay, sorry. Moving on. In your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based or oversight, that prevent this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? What I have experienced as the school manager, I think the pupils, they like something. Like, if you do, the school boss or somebody that can help them, bring them to the school. Or if God is with them, they will help them. If God is with them, they will help them. Or if God is with them, they will help them. Or if God is with them, they will help them. And the government can provide the materials also to which these people, these children can use. And the government can provide the materials also to which these people, these children can use. I think this will help them. Okay, sorry. So, what would need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the ministry, to make significant and sustained improvements to the school's accessibility? What are the things that need to be done? What are the things that need to be done? is it that you need new new doors or what are the things that need to be done by the government or anybody that can make this school accessible for all students including special and regular students i mean with what is on the grant now the classroom is conducive but it's not a conducive what i mean is that lights we have lights and the fan is not in the classroom even the library we don't have this is office that we have found but when we go to each classes so there's no fan inside the classroom so if there is far and we don't have library so all these things if governments can provide so i think the under the environment the grant the okay the floor of the school so that they will help us so that they will do this to help we support the education system lastly sir is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important yeah have you been interested when you send the framework the recent release and they all of the teachers they need back in learning the book this is our usc وه so thank you um i i think this approach could bewic해도 wood youtube you have<|de|> The only thing is that all the entrances, so that they will make sure that everything is parallel. Even the entrances, which cookies are coming from home, the government should arrange. Even the toilets, because the chairs, for the physical challenges, they are using chairs. So the government should provide. So all this material, if it's on grant, it will be very easy to make this school a special school. Okay sir. For the last question he's saying is, if eventually the government have done all of those things, what are the things that it should improve? Is it that you're going to have more students? Or what is the successes that it's going to bring about if all of those things are done? If all these things are done, I think it will bring more cookies to the school. Because the physical challenges, they are in the environment. And all of them are battle in the old. Because of what? Because they don't have place where they can go to learn. Access to education. Yes, to the educational system. So all this, if governments arrange and let all the students go to school, all these be done. I think the population and the changes we will see to this school. Thank you very much sir.