Good afternoon sir. Good afternoon. Welcome. My name is Mr. Badu Di Bousa Golan, the head teacher of the Ansaru Di Nursery and Primary School in Kuti Meta. Alright, so I'll be asking you a few questions. The first question here is, how does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? When we look into the physical challenges side, I mean, what the government should do is to provide things that will enable them to study. Because, these children as a special child, in time of facilities like chairs, tables or toilets, which they are going to use, it will not be the same with the child that does not have physical challenges. So if governments want to make things so easy for those children with challenges, they provide some facilities to which they need. So that is it. Okay sir. Next question. Walk me through the process for your recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? What we have is since 2022. We have two sub-projects, one is accessibility, the other one is technical support. And that's the safety of the school, and the other is training. And that one is to secure the school, for the safety of the school. Both the teacher and the pupils. So, I mean, with defense, so they are safe. That is what the... The sense infrastructure upgrade. So there's nothing as regards accessibility Okay, sorry. Moving on. In your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based or oversight, that prevent this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? What I have experienced as the school manager, I think the pupils, they like something. Like, if you do, the school boss or somebody that can help them, bring them to the school. Or if God is with them, they will help them. If God is with them, they will help them. If God is with them, they will help them. And the government can provide the materials also to which these people, these children can be used. I think this will help them. Okay, sorry. So what would need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the ministry, to make significant and sustained improvements to the school's accessibility? What are the things that need to be done? What are the things that need to be done? Is it that you need new doors? Or what are the things that need to be done by the government or anybody that can make this school accessible for all students, including special and regular students? Thank you. What I mean with what is on the grant now. The classroom is conducive, but it's not conducive anymore. What I mean is that lights, we have lights, and the fan is not in the classroom. Even the library, we don't have. This is office that we have fan. But when we go to each classes, there is no fan inside the classroom. So if there is fan and we don't have library. So all these things, if government can make it accessible for all students, then it's okay. If government can provide. So I think under the grant, the floor of the school, so that it will help us, so that it will do this, to help support the education system. Lastly sir, is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment? I think it's important for me to understand. So if by venture, the government or everything is done to make this school inclusive enough for all students, both the regular and special students. What is there going to be an advantage to that? Or it will bring disadvantages? What do you feel about that? What I can say is that if they want to make this school. So that. For the reliability. I mean for the challenges side. The only thing is that all the entrants. So that they will make sure that everything is parallel. Even the entrants, which cookies are coming from whom. The government. They should arrange. Even the toilets. Because the chairs. That for the physical challenges. They are using chairs. So the government should provide. So all this material. If it's on grant. It will be very easy. So that they can make this school as a special school. Okay sir. For the last question he's saying is. If eventually the government have done all of those things. What are the things that it should improve? Is it that you're going to have more students? Or it's going to. What is the successes that it's going to bring about? If all of those things are done. If all these things are done. I think. It will. It will. Bring more. To this school. Because the physical challenges. They are in the environment. And all of them are battle. In the old. Because of what? Because you don't have. Place. Where they can go to learn. So the educational system. So all this. If governments. Arrange. And then. Let's. All these. We don't. I think. The poopy. The population. And then. The changes. We will see. So this school. Thank you very much. So. All right.