In your daily work, how noticeable is the school's physical environment in either supporting or challenging the pupils with mobility needs you teach or support? Well to some extent our environment is conducive enough to some extent to cater for the children living with disability. They could access it easily in their home and even if they need help when we see any danger, it's just for us to help them. Probably there is, the pupils they might just drop some furniture on the floor, we just have to take it away or house own. So it's just one of them to take it away from the way so that anyone, maybe probably one living with cerebral palsy could pass easily, could access the road easily. So to some extent it is accessible and very much okay for them to be able to move around easily. Could you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of disability? Well, let me try to remember any instance. You know, for the hearing impaired, they get easily distracted. Usually when somebody else is talking or when somebody else, let's assume a teacher is in front of them teaching and probably we just have, if it's somebody else, this one just comes in, or another teacher, you just see that their attention for that particular time, their attention are a little bit, they deviate their attention from you that is teaching and with that before you will be able to gather, call them back to order, it would have at least distorts their attention span, or let me just say the way they have been concentrating before that leads to distortion. distortion came so i think that's one of that's the one i could and those are the instances i could remember vividly whereby you are teaching and something just it might even be fly you know at times a fly might just a butterfly can just come into the window and you see that one maybe one one of them notices it before you know you'll call the attention of the other before if the attention is gone so it will take time for us to start for me to start bringing them to what that that's okay it's just a flight just a flight so when they get distracted with whatever they see so that is what teaching them takes a whole lot you have to pay a wrapped pair of wrapped attention and it has to do with yeah um ice and any other thing because i'm um i'm hearing you said it's from your professional view to what extent do the student to the do the toilet rounds and does help pupils develop independence or conversely create dependence on adults wow for my school i will say that every of our special need children they can assess the toilets on their own because my school is a at the bungalow and then it's not um a story building home any other so they could assess it on their own and i don't think i've seen any instances i i need to follow any of them today to the rest room except for the little ones probably after messing up their body i can just we can just come call the cleaner to come and get them clear you know at times you might come to school with running stomach and you will not be able to control the running stomach before you know it, pru pru pru, the poo is already on you and the whole place is messed up but they can access the the toilets and the building, the ramps, they can do that. Though it might not be too fast but gently, in a gentle way they will definitely get to where they are going. Having worked with pupils in different settings, what differences, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you would attribute to the physical environment? Well, for the ones I teach, they are so confident of themselves and another thing is that they are aware of their environment. Whatever, they might even be the one that will come tell you that, ah auntie, I'm so scared. I saw something yesterday, I saw that, you know, those kind of things, they are very aware of their environment and whatever is happening. Maybe along the line when they are going normal in the afternoon they might see what something happened before you know it they will start relating it to ah I saw this, I saw that this looked like this, it looks like that. So, so they have, they are aware of the environment they have and then they even want to learn more. It's just because of their confidence and the kind of pupils you have here, it's not the kind of one that you want to sideline, it's not the kind of one that you just want to put them aside, put them aside because they themselves, they also want to be there. Share it with girls and say they want to be there and they want to be aware, they want to learn, they want to know more out of the ones they have known already and before you see them, that's like most of the hearing impaired pupils, you see them, they are always aware of their environment. choking their eyes because this is their eyes does a lot of things for them when they see they start reasoning imagining it and they begin to put it into words that's their own sign so they are they they are confident of themselves and they learn through the social environment what is that one change to the physical infrastructure that you believe would make the biggest difference for your purpose you know every every every every area or every sector we all need change and then we can't just say what we have now it might be the best but tomorrow you see that even the bed that you are saying you have is no longer the best so we if we can get more more more things old most of them can work on their gadgets, but they do not really have it. Most of them do not really have, most of them might have phones, but the computer that we are talking about, most of them do not really have it because probably their parents can't afford it. If they can get that and many other things, is it for the school or for the pupils? It is for the pupils. Okay, we can say maybe the school bus that can help them in taking them around. Because most of them come from very far distance and it's really telling on the parents. So, and you see most of them, they will not come all the time. Maybe they might come specific days so that at least it will help them reduce the costs of the transport and like that, like that. And there are so many of them that really needs help. That really needs help. Probably you can say want to extend help to their parents too but with the little ones, that's school bus that can help with their mobility, moving them from one place to the other.