Where again? Stop now, where again? Why would you show the person in your school? Where? School, school, where? Ok, like your school now, this is your school Very fine school So if you want to show your friend Where you like to play Where would you show it? Aditya is your friend So where would you show Aditya? Where do you like to play? Where do you like to play? Outside Outside On the playground Ok The doors in your school Are they easy for you to use? Can you open the doors of your school? Can you easily open it? You can open it You can easily close it Without having any problem Yes or no? Yes So this was Is the school toilet easy to get in And out by yourself? What about your desk In class, does it help you walk Or does it sometimes get in the way? Like You're going to the toilet Going to the toilet Can you easily go to the toilet by yourself? Yes Yes Then your school is sitting in the class The desk Can you write very well on them? Yes You can easily write very well on them? Yes Then I want you to tell me A time you felt really proud And independent At our school Where were you And what were you doing Like can you tell me The time that you were very happy That you were very proud of it What did you do That made you very happy? Exercise During exercise You were very happy to exercise Okay Sports I did that Then can you tell me the time that You were frustrated or left out Because of something in the building Or in the building? Can you tell me where you were sad? Or happy? What can be done? What are the things that Can make you unhappy? I will not answer I will not answer Okay Where your food is not given to you You will not be happy Where your food is taken from you Will you be happy if I take your food? No sir No sir They are very careful It's a good joke They are very careful I will not answer Okay So let's go to the next question What would you do if you were a student? What would you do if you were a student? If you want government to change the school And put something What would you like the government to do? What is that thing that you feel That change That you feel that you need Everything Everything The environment What do you want? The environment The environment The environment Thank you