So, how does the goal of physical accessibility for pupils with disabilities compete with other infrastructures prioritized when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? Yes, the infrastructure in the school, the pupils with special needs are able to cope with the situation of the school, although we are inclusive. But since it has been their environment where they have been learning, they are able to cope with all infrastructure. Like in our school now, you can see they are renewing, they are constructing buildings, at least renovating our old building. They are able to mingle, they are able to move around, they are able to relate with pupils, even with workers in the school complex. They are doing things at their own ease. And the pupils they are staying with before, they have been learning with their counterparts before. They understand them very well. They have been even helping them. With the infrastructure going on in the school, they are moving on freely, positively and relatively with their colleagues and no problem at all. They have been adjusting and enjoying their service. Walk me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? Yes. The infrastructure in the school has not been changed. It has been really upgraded. But like I told you, there is renovation in the school. They make it accessible for the physically challenged and the disabled person by creating a ramp in the building. Even if you get to the special units, you will see how they move around. The staircase is very low and there is a rail whereby they are easily accessed in their classroom. Living with disability, our ability to control can manage themselves. There are many things that we can do. We can do it ourselves. We can do it ourselves. We are able to control and manage themselves and mingle with the regular contact. They can easily move into the classroom and come out. Even those on the wheelchair can easily move in and come out. So they are still enjoying themselves and we are encouraging them that they can do it and they are trying. Even though with disability, they are doing well. So in your view, what are the most significant barriers that AFA and ASEAN Knowledge Base have over society? So in your view, what are the most significant barriers that AFA and ASEAN Knowledge Base have over society? That prevent the school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? Yes, there are some problems we are facing in the school. Especially with children living with disabilities. You know, when we are talking of disability, we need to educate some parents to understand that disability or children living with disability or their problem is not contagious. They are not able to communicate with their parents. They are not able to communicate with their parents. They are not able to communicate with their parents. They are not able to communicate with their parents. Some parents are still having phobia. Bringing their children to a mid-school that is an inclusive school. Whereby children with disabilities are living with those who are regular. But as time goes on, we have been educating them. So we need them to be aware. You understand? To guide them. To tell them their needs. That these children can also learn under the same umbrella with their regular counterparts. And most of the problems we are facing are because of the disability. The problem we are facing is inadequate sign language teachers. We have them mixed from primary 2 to primary 5. But you know, we are still looking for... The government are really trying. They are doing their effort. At least we have sign interpreters. But still need more in all aspects. Like here we have primary 1 to 6 and nursery 1 to KG. So also we need sign language teachers from primary 1 to basic 6. To make teaching and learning effective. When the regular teachers are talking, explaining themselves in the class. Or interacting with the regular ones. So also we want the special teacher. Especially in the aspect of hearing impaired. To be signing such to the special ones. This will make our learning very conducive. And learning will easily be taking place. So we need some materials also. That are related to... To... To children living with disabilities. We even need plain materials. Relevant to children with disabilities. Like merry-go-round. You know merry-go-round. They will come out. They will mix up the regular ones. All those ones. They will do it together. And when they play together, relate together. Do things in common. This is what even the government needs. As inclusiveness. They want them to be included. Taken along. Carried along. You know, display the same thing to the children. And then they will play together. Do things in common. So that education and learning will take place. Okay. What would need to change? Either internally or from external bodies like the ministries. To make significant and sustained improvements to the school's accessibility? To make the school improve. And to make it accessible for children living with disabilities. We need like vocational education. We need vocational centers. Whereby we are going to be in need of trainers. So that in learning area alone will not be what they will be concentrating on. Children with disabilities needs to be vocational oriented. Especially some of them. Majority of them are not good in education. So those ones that are very slow in learning can go into learning cobbler. That is shoe making. And when we have a center for them. You know, they will easily go inside there. Learn. There will be a tutor there. Or a vocational trainer there. That will train them. But at the end of the day they will be useful to the society. We need caregivers. That will be assisting them. We need materials from the government to support them. Those that will be learning. They will be in need of these materials. They may be the shoe filer. The cobbler. Machine. All materials needed in that aspect. To make them successful in their education. To make them successful. And the outcome. At the end of the day, Children will be able to at least make their own shoe. All those cobbler works they do outside. Provisions of making of shoes for sales. At the end of the day, There will not be liability to their parent. They will be responsible. And able to take care of themselves. I hope they will be in the end of the day. Okay man. So is there anything else about the challenges. about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? As we know, children with disabilities have a lot of challenges. Even some of their parents needs to be oriented because some are still hiding them instead of bringing them to school. The stigma of having a special child is still disturbing them. So we encourage them, at least the government, to recite it in the radio, in the newspaper, in the television, to tell them, bring out your children, even if possible, tell them in each local government where they need to direct them to so that education will take place. Even we have some of them that what they need to know alone is just daily living things. Daily living things. We have to teach them. We have to teach them orientations like daily living skills, brushing of teeth. When they bring them out, being inside the house they cannot leave. But when you bring them out, these are the challenges we have been facing. Some of them we keep them from the young age to adults before bringing them to school. I don't know where to take them to. We believe in catch them young. When they are introduced to the school, when they are too early, they will understand very early on time. And they will go to school and they will go at the same pace with the regular counterparts. A child that is supposed to be in primary 1 by age 6, if they bring him out earlier, we go at the normal rate with the regular ones. But when they keep him or her at home, he will be around 11 years, 12 years, 15 years. They will now bring him like a child that wanted to know how to read and write and he is adhering in Ph. And he was kept at home till 11 years. He will still go back and he will be at home until 11 years. If he is not at home, he will be at home until 11 years. If he is at home, he will be at home until 11 years. If he is at home, he will be at home until 11 years. But if he is in the primary, he will be at home till 11 years. He will still go from the elementary school, he will be at home till 11 years. So, it seems like some of the people, they don't have the knowledge to learn from the scratch because they are learning a lot from a child that is a regular one that learns 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. And a child that will use hands to write, to spell, to do all things. You understand. So in doing all those things, the challenge is, with the barrier with the brakes, the brakes because they will know better. That's, uh, when you are a deaf, this is a deaf child. Why can't I take this child too? Let me look for schools around that are special schools so that they will teach and learn at the same rate. At that six years, when he started around four at the nursery, by six years, he will see six, seven be in primary one as a regular one. But when they keep them at home till 11 years, that child will still start at the scratch. These are the challenges we are facing. Then also, awareness. Let them prepare flyers that education in the Gulf states takes along inclusive. And these are where you can take your child to for learning. Take place. Make more teachers, signing teachers, physically challenged teacher, mentally challenged teacher, in different categories. You know these children are from different categories, so that can handle them. And at the end of the day, we are going to reach our goal. And may the Lord help us. Amen.