So in your daily work, how noticeable is the school's physical environment in either supporting or challenging the pupils with mobility? Need you teach or support? Actually, we don't have pupils with special needs here. But notwithstanding, the school environment is okay. Except for the ground, when it's raining season ahead, it's flooded, the ground is not that good. But with every other thing, it's still okay for the pupils to learn. Could you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson changed because of the classroom physical set-up? Let me say, that one has to do with electricity. While the weather changes and there is no light, it makes the class to be dark. So for them to write or study at that time, you have to stop until when the atmosphere is clear. And here it's bright enough for them to see the board and be able to do things in the class. So from a professional view, to what extent do the toilet ramps and door help pupils develop independence or conversely create dependence on adults? The toilets. Actually, the toilets, if it's well, if it's okay, it helps the people and even makes the school environment to be neat and clean. Because once the toilet is okay, you see people start going around messing up in the compound and it will not be conducive. Like actually like me now, I don't like perceiving bad odour. Once I perceive odour easily. Once you start smelling, it makes you to feel irritated. So once the toilet is okay, definitely think these pupils will do the right thing by making use of the toilet in a proper way and the environment will be conducive for them to learn. Having worked with pupils in different settings, what differences, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you would attribute to the physical environment? Maybe that one has to do with social confidence. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It has to do with each from their background setting. Like my previous school, I know those students have good confidence. But here now coming down to this school, let's say their confidence is not like where I was coming from. Maybe it has to do from their home, from their, I would say it's the school environment. The school environment is okay for them. Because we do counsel, we talk to them. So I think it has to do with where they were coming from. Like most of them, maybe they are living with people that are not their parents. So it depends on the mood they have from their home coming down to the school. That's just what I was saying. So what is that one change, the physical infrastructure that you believe that will make the biggest difference for your pupils? Physical infrastructure. Let me say, like the class I take has to do with the nursery class. They need visual aids. Like television. Because once they see, when you are teaching pupils and they are able to see it physically, see what they are, they will learn more and they will remember. That's just... Hmm.