I am Susan Adene Albat. May I meet you ma'am? This is for you Benji. We are teacher of Adarani program. I have some questions here to ask you ma'am. So I want to just hear your mind, give me your view as per the questions. So number one question is, how does the goal of physical accessibility for puppies with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? That is, what is your view? That is, the structures you have on ground now as a regular school, does it encourage the enrollment of physically challenged puppies? Yes. Is there any room for them when they come in? Is there anything on ground that can accommodate them, that can make them feel at home? With the situation on ground, there is no room for disabilities to be accommodated to a structure or place like that now. Like, okay, what are the things you've seen around? That's okay, that's sure that okay, with this on ground. With this on ground, what are the things you've seen around? That's okay, that's sure that okay, with this on ground. But the situation on ground is that they are not allowed to walk through the space, they can walk through the gate or to climb the staircase, the stairs. It's not easy for them to do. Okay. They need assistance. And they are not expected to be assisted in the situation whereby they come to the regular school. Okay. Then what about the toilet facilities? The toilet facilities that we have in the group A for them can accommodate them. So the facilities... But can they access the toilets by themselves without being assisted? They should be able to access. They should be able to access. Because they are using water flow cells. I believe they should be able to. The only thing is that presently, the situation on ground is that water is not running to our toilet directly. Okay. We need to get water for the toilets. We move it to the toilet before it can be used. You understand? Okay. Okay. So number two question is... Okay. It's like a continuity of number one. Just walk me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? Like based on what I can see now, you have a good building, very fine building. Probably one of the best in Bariga. But the structures in place in this new structure, in this new building now, today accommodates physically challenged puppies from being enrolled. It cannot accommodate them. The reason is there is no special teacher for them. There should be a special teacher for them to be put in a special classroom. And they need to be monitored. And so far all those things are not in place. I don't think it's a service for them to be accommodated or enrolled in the school presently. What about the learning? Is there any learning... There is no learning. There is no learning. There is no support that we assist their learning as well. Which is necessary to be put in place. Okay. Number three question is... In your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based, or oversight, that prevents this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? That is, like, what are the things you can see that you feel that, okay, with all these things, the school does not really... It cannot really enroll physically challenged puppies. So what are the things you can see, you can cite? There are some instructional materials that prevent their learning, which is not in place presently because it depends on the kind of facility they are having. Okay. Some are sight impaired. Some are physically in one way or the other. Some are even mentally... Psychologically, we discover that some are mentally impaired. Okay. So we need special teachers that will be monitoring them. Okay. And how they do about it. Okay. Then the fourth question is, what would be needed? What do you think we need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the ministry, to make significant and sustained improvements to the school's accessibility? What are the things you feel, okay, needed by the ministry that will make this school to be inclusive? Well, they need girls that we accommodate them, especially those that are physically challenged. They are going to want to be assisted. They are going to want to come up. So don't forget that this is a school-building school. It's not just downstairs. So for that, at least they need a slide, something like sliding... Ramps. Ramps. That will help them. So that once they want to come, they will come in freely. And if they want to go out, they will go out fully without being assisted. In terms of infrastructure, those instructional materials need to be in place. Then they should try to as much as possible also to help them in terms of providing school bus for them so that they can be picking them from house to house. That will even help them at health enrollment and ensure that they can be enrolled in regular school. Okay. Thank you. Then in conclusion, is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? Like when those things are in place, what will be the impact of that thing to your population? Actually, if those things are properly in place, I believe that the enrollment should be higher as compared to before. Because to my view, I believe that there are some children who are not enrolled in the school. There are some children that are keeping indoors instead of them to come down. And don't forget the logo of Suga which says, leave no child behind. Irrespective of their disabilities, they are not supposed to be kept indoors. They are not supposed to be kept indoors. They have to bring them out to be able to suit in the normal society as well. Thank you very much, ma'am. You're welcome.