In your daily work, how noticeable is the school's physical environment in either supporting or challenging the pupils with mobility needs you teach or support? Well to some extent our environment is conducive enough to some extent to cater for the children with disabilities. They could access it easily on their own and even if they need help when we see any danger it is just for us to help them. Probably the pupils might just drop some furniture on the floor. We just have to take it away. Or house. Only. one of them to take it away from the way so that anyone, maybe probably one living with cerebral palsy could pass easily, could access the road easily. So to some extent it is accessible and very much okay for them to be able to move around easily. So could you describe a specific instance where you saw a puppy's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of the classroom physical setup? Well, let me try to remember any instance. You know, for the hearing impaired, they get easily distracted. Initially when somebody else is talking or when somebody else, let's assume a teacher is in front of them teaching. And probably we just have, if he still just comes in or another teacher, you just see that. Their attention for that particular time, their attention are a little bit, they deviate their attention from you that is teaching. And with that, before you will be able to gather, call them back to order, it would have at least distorts their attention span, or let me just say, the way they have been concentrating before, that little distortion came. So I think that's one of, that's the one I could, and those are the instances I could remember vividly whereby you are teaching and something just, it might even be fly. You know, at times a butterfly can just come into the window and you see maybe one of them notice it before you know, it will call the attention of the other and before the attention is gone. So it would take a little bit of time, but it's okay. It will take time for us to start, for me to start bringing them to order that. So it's just a fly, just a fly. So when they get distracted with whatever they see, so that is what teaching them takes a whole lot. You have to pay a rapt, pay rapt attention. And it has to do with their eyes and any other thing. Cause I'm hearing you said it's brain impaired teacher. So I'm just going to ask you a question. From your professional view, to what extent do the student today do the toilet rounds and does help pupils develop independence or conversely create dependence on adults? Well, for my school, I would say that every of our special needs children, they can assess the toilets on their own because my school is a bungalow. So I'm a professional. So I'm a professional. And then it's not a story building or any other. So they could assess it on their own. And I don't think I've seen any instances. I need to follow any of them to the restroom, except for the little ones, probably after messing up their body. I can just, you can just come call the cleaner to come and get them clean. You know, at times you might come to school with running stomach. And you will not be able to control the running stomach. Before you know it, the poo is already on you and your face is messed up. But they can assess the toilets and the building, the rounds. They can do that. Though it might not be too fast, but gently, in a gentle way, they will definitely get to where they are going. Your friend works with pupils in different settings. What differences, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you would attribute to the physical environment? Well for the ones I teach, they are so confident of theirself. Another thing is that they are aware of their environment. Whatever. They might even be the one that would come tell you that, Auntie, I saw something yesterday. I saw that, you know, those kinds of things, they are very aware of their environment and whatever is happening, maybe along the line, when they are going to my in the afternoon, they might see what something happened before, you know, they will start relating it to, ah, I saw this. I saw that this looked like this is looking like that. So, so they have, they are aware of the environments they have and then they, they even want to learn more. It's built their confidence and the, the, the kind of purpose we have here, they is not kind of one that you want to sideline. It's not the kind of one that you just want to put them aside, push them aside because they themselves, they also want to be there. Shady girls and say, they want to be there and they want to, to, to, to be aware. They want to learn. They want to know more out of the ones they have known already and before you see them, that's like most of the hearing impaired, impaired puppies, you see them. They are always, they are always, they are always, they are always, choking their eyes because this, their eyes does a lot of things for them. When they see, they start reasoning, imagining it, and they begin to put it into words. That's their own sign. So they are, they, they are confident of themselves and they learn through the social environment. What is that one change to the physical infrastructure that you believe would make the biggest difference for your puppies? Well, you know, every, every, every, every area, every sector, we all need change. And then we can't just say what we have now. It might be the best, but tomorrow you'll see that. Even the best that you were saying you have is no longer the best. So we, if we can get more, more, more things, like things that will help them, even if, even if, even if, in their, in their school environments. A lot that can help them to learn more, that can help with their, with their mobility, that can help them even with the networking, internet, whatever. I think, I might not be able to mention, but they have a lot of things that can help them. Like if most of them can be, most of them can work on their gadgets. But it's not, they do not really have it. Most of them do not really have, most of them might have phones, but the computer that we are talking about, most of them do not really have it. Because probably their parents can't afford it. If they, they, they can get that. And many other things, is it for the school or for the pupils? The school, the school. The school infrastructure for the pupils. Okay. We, we can say maybe, maybe the school bus that can help them in taking them around. Because most of them come from very far distance and then it's really telling on the parents. So, and you see most of them, they will not come all the time. Maybe they might come specific days, so that at least it will help them reduce the costs of the transport and like that, like that. And there are so many of them that really needs help. That really needs help. So probably you can, you can, you can say once we extend help to their parents too. But with the little ones, that's a school bus that can help with their mobility, moving them from one place to the other.