In your daily work, how noticeable is the school fiscal environment in either supporting or challenging the pupils with mobility needs due to teach or support? All right, actually in our school year we don't have disabled children in our school. But what I noticed is that when the classroom is being crowded, it's going to affect the children. Like quite in the sense that maybe there are pupils of 17 in the class, the learning will not be effective. And for example, if it is a sunning season, they go out for a break and they come back after the break. They would have played, they would have swung, and when they come back to the class, everywhere will be so stuffy and to be smelling. Everywhere will be smelling, so it's going to affect their learning during that period. So could you describe a specific example? Where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of the classroom physical setup? Yeah, I describe an instance like for example now, if you have some like in the nursery class, maybe you have a beautiful colours, charts on the walls. Those things will help the children. We have an alphabet chart, you have your letter sound chart. So every morning when they come to the class, even though you are annoying them, they will be able to see the classroom. So that's one example. So if you are not even in the class, they will go to that chart and recite all those things. They have their state and origin chart too. So those things will help the cognitive of the children to learn more well. So from your professional view, to what extent do the toilet, ramps and dog poopers develop independence or conversely create dependence on adults? If the toilet is well okay and conducive. The pupils will be so excited to go to the toilet and they won't be affected because in my school, our toilet is well constructed. We have running water, we have a bowl and the pump water for them every day. So water is there when they want to ease themselves, they go to ease themselves, they flush and they do the clean up and for the lower children, the nursery and the cage, we have minders that help them to wee or do the cleaning. So that's one example. Okay. So the toilet is very conducive for the pupils. So having worked with pupils in different settings, what differences, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you attribute to the physical environment? Having worked with pupils in different settings, what differences, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you attribute to the physical environment? I've said earlier that our school we don't have disability papers in our school. But what I can say is if a child have a stable mindset from home it's going to help the child in it's learning. If the child does not have something that is troubling him from home because sometimes some children do. What they passed through affects their learning. They're not as good at the teaching as the pupils. That's why we have the toilet. their learning and their education some people may go in the morning to go and walk before they come to school and they come late that thing will not make the child to be stable so if a child has a good and proper home care it's going to this needs to reflect on the child education and learning so that is it okay so what is the one change to the school physical infrastructure that you believe would make the biggest difference for your purpose all right what i want one change i want is that well in the aspect of electricity but a supply of power i want the school that i want the changes to be in um aspect of electricity because uh we have three buildings in our school and there's only one part of the school that have a power supply the other two buildings does not have the power supply and it's really affects the people especially during sunning season when they come back from break they'll be so they'll be so hot and everywhere will be so stuffy but now we are in the rainy season now the weather is very cool and calm so i want the um the electricity fire to be restored to be done in the school so that it will make the children to be saved and the learning will be convenient for them thank you