Good afternoon sir. Good afternoon. Yes sir, what's the name sir? Odog Nugushe Olorotiu. What's the name of your school sir? Atundolu School for Physical and Intellectual Education, Suminore. Thank you sir. You're welcome. Sir, I'm here to ask you some questions sir. You're welcome. Yes sir, in your daily work sir, how noticeable is the school physical environment? Is it that supporting or challenging the people with mobility needs in your teacher and support? Ah, the school mobility is very okay. Because in the mobility sports, okay, people can learn. The school is completely for children and adults. Alright sir, thank you sir. You're welcome. The cognitive links sir, if you decide a specific distance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of the classroom physical set up? Ah, that's a tough question. The special speaker will have to adjust the seat so that the teacher can learn better. And then the student class also is good for me. For the pupils. Okay sir. The special behavioural links sir, from your professional view, to what extent do the toilet rams, do the toilet, the rams and those help schools develop independence or conversely create dependence on adults? Ah, the toilet is very okay in the school. And then there's the ramp for the physical challenges because, the school is not based on the intellectuals and the waiting. There are physical challenges also in the school that reach the toilet. And then the toilet is good. And then for the, those that can know where they can get in and out, with and then serving. The toilet is very good for you. Thank you sir. The comparative now sir. Having worked with pupils in different settings, what differences, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engineering that you will, attribute to the physical environment? Ah, the social, there's interaction also between the pupils and the pupils also, and the society. And the type of society that we have now, large, there's changes in the society now. They're not interacting with the pupils at the same time. Alright, thank you sir. So the last one, not the best sir. What is the one change to the school physical infrastructure that you believe, makes biggest difference for your pupils? Ah, number one, I will talk about the infrastructure. Because the structure of the ground, is good, but you always have the challenges with it. Especially when there's heavy rain. So instead of pupils, they're still, they move the water inside the classroom. Number one, I will make the suggestion of, you know, fixing the building. And then number two, the city, not the city structure, especially, you know, sometimes we need a seat, especially for the city. I don't know if you can see it. You're not going to see it in the study. But in that area that the city and the infrastructure, I would say that I would say, it's good, I thought that. Thank you very much sir. You're welcome. Okay, thank you.