In your daily work, how noticeable is the school's physical environment in either supporting or challenging the pupils with mobility needs you teach or support? Well to some extent our environment is conducive enough to some extent to cater for the children living with disability. They could access it easily on their own and even if they need help when we see any danger it's just for us to help them. Probably there is the pupils they might just drop some furniture on the floor, we just have to take it away or house only. Could you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson changed because of disability? Well let me try to remember any instance. You know for the hearing impaired they get easily distracted. Usually when somebody else is talking or when somebody else, let's assume a teacher is in front of them teaching and probably we just have, if it's somebody else or another teacher, you just see that their attention for that particular time, their attention are a little bit, they deviate their attention from you that is teaching and with that before you will be able to gather, call them back to order, it would have at least distort their attention span or let me just say the way they have been concentrating before that little distortion. So, these are just some examples. So, I think that's a good example of a teacher who is not just a student. So, I think that's one of, that's the one I could, those are the instances I could remember vividly whereby you are teaching and something just, it might even be fly. You know at times a fly might just, a butterfly can just come into the window and you see the one, maybe one of them notices it before you know, it will call the attention of the other and before the attention is gone. So, it will take time for us to start. For me, it will take time to start bringing them to order that. So, it's just a fly, just a fly. So, when they get distracted with whatever they see. So, that is why teaching them takes a whole lot, you have to pay a rapt, pay rapt attention and it has to do with their eyes and any other thing because I'm hearing you said it's brain impaired teacher. From your own experience. Yes. From your professional view, to what extent do the student, do the toilet ramps and doors help pupils develop independence or conversely create dependence on adults? Well, for my school, I would say that every of our special needs children, they can access the toilets on their own because my school is a, is a bungalow and there is not, there is no toilet. Okay. It's a storage building or any other storage building, so they could access it on their own and I don't think I've seen any instances that I need to follow any of them to the restroom, except for the little ones. Probably, after messing up their body, you can just, you can just come, call the cleaner to come and get them clean. You know, at times you might come to school, with running storm and you will not be able to control, everything that will be there. valuable information to you. Day-to-day coordination. I think, though, students need everything just to tell them where to go, who should control the running stomach. Before you know it, the poo is already on you and the whole place is messed up. But they can access the toilets and the building, the ramps, they can do that. Though it might not be too fast, but gently, in a gentle way, they will definitely get to where they are going. Having worked with pupils in different settings, what differences, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you would attribute to the physical environment? Well, for the ones I teach, they are so confident of themselves. Another thing is that they are aware of their environment. They might even be the one that will come tell you that, ah, auntie, I'm so scared. I saw something yesterday. I saw that, you know, those kinds of things. They are very aware of their environment and whatever is happening. Maybe along the line, when they are going in the afternoon, they might see what something happened. Before you know it, they will start relating it to, ah, I saw this. I saw that. It looked like this. It looked like that. So, they are aware of the environment they have, and they even want to learn more. builds their confidence and the the kind of purpose you have here j is not the kind of one that you want to side sideline it's not the kind of one that you just want to put them aside push them aside because they themselves they also want to be there shay girls and say they want to be there and they want you to to to be aware they want to learn they want to know more out of the ones they have known already and before you see them that's like most of the hearing pet puppies you see them they are always choking their eyes because this is their eyes does a lot of things for them when they see they start reasoning in imagining it and they begin to put it into words that's their own signing so they are they they are confident of themselves and they learn through the social environment what is that one change to the physical infrastructure that you believe would make the biggest difference for your purpose um you know every every every every area or every sector we all need change and then we can't just say what we have now it might be the best but tomorrow you see that even the bed that you were saying you have is no longer the best so we if we can get more more more things like learning skills things that you could have done and sometimes it is hurtful so when you sustain the results your time goes by again we cannot teach and still but there are some less amazing master are رامات lor there are some who are we can still it can't Halloween but it can't can work on their gadgets but it's not they do not really have it most of them do not really have most of them i have phones but the computer that we are talking about most of them do not really have it because probably their parents can't afford it if they they they can get that and many other things is it for the school or for the pupils okay we we can say maybe um a school bus that can help them in taking them around because most of them come from very far distance and then it's really telling on the parents so and you see most of them they will not come all the time maybe they might come specific days so that at least this will help them reduce the cost of the transport and like that like that and that there are so many of them that really needs help that really is probably because you can consider once you extend help to their parents too but with the little ones that's um school bus that's gonna help with their mobility moving them from one place to the other