Good morning ma. Good morning sir. May I meet you? What's your name ma? My name is Sayoko Gwe, J.A. Rones. The school manager of Idia Buta Doke Ramesi, from Booth, Shomolu. The first question is, how does the goal of physical accessibility for pupils with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? Thank you so much sir. If you look at the school properly, you will see that the structure in the school is meant for the regular pupils. So, because of that, there is no anything in the school that is or that the physical challenge profile can make use of because of the structure that is in the school. Thank you. So the second question says, like, it says walk me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessible accessibility features considered and prioritized? That is, is there any structure in place that has been brought in place that encourage the accommodation of physically challenged pupils? Thank you so much for the question. Like what I've said earlier on, the structure does not permit any, does not permit or allow any pupils to be able to access accessibility. So, the first question is, how does the school allow any pupils with a physical challenge? Because if you look at, the school is very, is a bit high. So, for a physical challenged pupil to come without being assisted, it's one of the ways, you know, what way for the physical challenged pupils. So unless he or she has somebody that will be helping him or her. Thank you sir. Thank you. The third question says, in your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based or oversight, that prevents this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? Just like, so what is, just saying that, as it's based on the structure, it's based on the structure. Okay. Okay. So, what are the challenges that you are facing that does not really encourage you from admitting physically challenged pupils in terms of the physical structure of the school? There are many things on the ground that will not allow any physical challenged pupils to be admitted into the school. Like what I've said earlier on. The, you know, the school. It's high also. The building is high. Exactly. It's sloppy. So, because of that, we have staircase. So, each class is. And for a physical challenged child to enter, they have to wheel him or her up. And which he or she might not like. Because he wants to be like a physical challenged, wants to be independent. But on this case, he or she cannot be independent. So, does that mean it discourages you from admitting the physical challenged child on a wheel or. It is. It is. It is. It is. Because you make use of staircases. Staircases. Exactly. Okay. Thank you. So, question four is, what would we need, what, what would, what would need to change? Either internally or from external bodies like the ministry to make significant and sustained improvement to the school's accessibility? But this, what are the changes that you are expecting in the school? Like your school now. So, you want to encourage the physical challenged people from coming to school without being assisted because you have staircase here and you want them to come on their wheelchair without being assisted. So, what are the features you, that you are expecting to be put in place? So, what are the things you are expecting to be put in place now for the school to, for you, for you to, for you to enable you to admit physical challenged puppy? Like a puppy that is using crutches or using wheelchair. So, and the child cannot come into a staircase. So, what are the things you are expecting to be in place from the ministry? Everything. Everything. Which means they are going to start from scratch. The building, the chairs, everything. Totally everything concerning the child. Okay. That means that the structure does not support that. The structure does not support that. The infrastructure and the chairs, everything does not support it because the school is built for normal, regular puppies. Thank you. You are welcome sir. So, is there, lastly, is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive school? There is also an intensity of mental health platform? So, what are the challenges familia of the children of Vanessa going to listen to the story? Oh, yes. So you had mentioned that you think that with people, little kids are getting mature'd after school. Because kids are getting matured, right? Where is theiza? When you see some kids are getting treated cool? So, you know, we have an industry that's improving and enriching the environment. That they can come you basketball and, and talk about what they can do for the state. Love it For sure. Yeah. I think, we have been talking about this for a long time. That we have to offer the value of self made community through our program in a way that alsoWhich is the, the institutionalization of the, the Private higher education. In the form of our We. can, that we give families education. selbstigo KO enjoyed producer van b rebo Pereira ka