Good afternoon ma'am. Good afternoon sir. May I meet you ma'am? What's your name ma'am? My name is Ninsa Isis Olade, I'm the head teacher of this school. Thank you ma'am. Yeah, I have some questions here. My first question is, how does the goal of physical accessibility of for puppies with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? That is like the infrastructure in place in your school. Is it a day off to the expected standard that they are supposed to be to complement the purpose of the school's establishment? Or do they really meet the needs of the puppies, the special children? Not at all. Not at all. We are just trying to manage the little ones that we have. Okay. So the second question says, okay, it says walk me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. How were the... How were the accessibility features considered and prioritized? As in, are there any research infrastructure being done in the school that's okay, say okay, that's ensure that okay, things that will make the puppies to enjoy coming around, things that will make the environment to be, that is okay, that will make, that will give learning and environment. Are they in place? Are there any provision for that? There is but not enough. Okay. Like how? Could you explain that? That infrastructure that you said, is it like furniture? Okay. Yes. Like for example, like furniture now. So the piece of furniture available. Are there the furniture in place? Are they those ones that are really required for the special needs? Or are they just manageable, like normal, regular? Yes. So they are just managed, even for the teachers caring for themselves. They are just managed, our furniture. Okay. So are you trying to say that, okay, the furniture is in place, that the piece of furniture is in place now. They are not those ones that are actually meant for special needs? Are they like normal, regular? Like normal, regular. It's just the, this wood, wood, furniture. Wood furniture. Yes. That is like, like regular, yes. Yes. So they are not special needs, constructed furniture. Okay. Okay. In your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based, or oversight, that prevent this school from achieving true compliance with accessibility standards? The number one, financial. Yes. Financial. For that knowledge, all of course, they are special teachers. So, going to special school. Okay. Yes. But financial aspects, you know, the usual one they are giving, just to manage to push for the children. Other things that we need to like, to repair some things. Yes. Everything is about money, you know. Yes. Lots of money, you know. I don't want to say much about that. All right. Okay. The question for, what would you need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the Ministry, to make significant and sustained improvements to the school's accessibility? Yes. In my own view, we need to improve. Yes. In my own view, we need to, you know, fix our school environment. Put all the necessary things in the right places for the children so that they will be able to, the special children, they will be able to learn as they're supposed to learn. You know, this is special school. We're supposed to have speech therapists, um, this is your therapist. Okay. Okay. We do have a nurse. At least one nurse. One nurse. Even though, we don't even have function a foster Bakhsh . Okay. No functions a foster Bakhsh . We didn't see our foster Bakhsh . Okay.商소- της . We just . So, are you trying to say that there is no, we don't have nurse, a nurse in place . No, we don't have nurse in place . have most. We are supposed to have speech therapists, even if at least one. We are supposed to have physiotherapists. This special school, unlike abroad, we are supposed to have many professionals to care for these children. Our own is academic level. We are supposed to have professional tutors. We don't have. We don't have. Okay. Is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating a school that you think is important for me to understand? Like just like an additional thing, do you feel okay should be in this school? This school is main for special needs. So we don't have regular . We don't have main for special needs. So we don't have regular . And we cannot even bring regular children here because the facilities that we have, it has not been okay for us to survive. Thank you.