So, this is the recording at Agondjua Ka, um, special inclusive school. So, we're about to start the interview. If you are giving a new student a tour of your school, if you are giving a new student to come into the school, what are the best places you will show them? What are the places you might want them about? Where do you want to show the students? If you have a new student in our school Where do you want to show them that it's good though that you enter? First day It's good that you enter our school You see that you enter our school It's good that you enter our school It's good that you enter our school You saw the way we say our students You have to stay the person first You have to stay the person first You want them to enter your classroom That your classroom is fine Yes Then what are the places that you tell the students to be very careful about? That this one be careful about it too Is it okay? You don't care much about the gates or what? No, not at all I said the gates I said the gates I said the gates They don't matter It's okay If it is possible for once I don't care if it is got get If it is done What's important is that I need to bring water ... ... The gate is not able to enter Exactly Is Bastus guna uso as Ella voltar Tio You join the classroom. You start the classroom. Is that what you do? That's good. It's not easy. So number three, the toilets or classroom. Is the school toilet easy to get in and out by yourself? So you can open the door of the toilet easily by yourself? Can you open it by yourself? No, I cannot open it by myself. There is a way to open it for me. The classroom is easy for you to open. Yes. You can open the toilet by yourself. That one is easy. Then number four, social and emotional. Tell me about a time you felt really proud and dependent here at school. Where were you and what were you doing? Which time do you like our school? That's when you entered the school. You would like it. Which time? What were you doing in that school that time? During sports, do you like the way you participate in the sport, in the school camp? Do you like it? Yes, I like it. The field is very big. The field is very big. For you to play. Yes. You like that one. I like that one. Because you were on that day. Yes. That is good. Okay. Number, number, the last one. Okay. Can you tell me, no, social and emotional. Can you tell me about a time you felt frustrated or left out because of something in the building or the grant? Why? Can you tell us the time that, I don't like this school, Papa. When someone wants to enter, because they cannot enter easily. Is it by the gates? Yes. Yes. Is it the gates that want to wound you or what? That makes you not to enter the school that day? Which one? Hmmmm. Gates? It is the gates. It is like when you're on the way. It is just the gate you want to enter. The gate is the one you want to enter. The gate you want to enter and you lock my head for some time. Okay. The gate wants to knock your head sometimes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. What of the water by the gate side? Are you course it's easy? No I cannot course this is in there. Why do you now enter this that you don't like it? I don't like it that's why you don't like. Yeah. To the last one, closing. If you had a magic wand and could change one thing about your school building to make it better for you, what would it be? If you want the whole environment to be okay for you, what would you do? What do you want them to do for you so that it would be easy for you to enter? Yeah, easily way. We would put it down and put sand in it. We don't do, but we don't put it and put sand in it. Like, see there. Sand. We put sand in it. When we put it in there, we put sand everywhere. Okay, they should put something like sand. Yes. Like the name that you can put your leg on it. Yes Yes Thank you