How does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? The infrastructure is for learning for disability and it's helping them to have a better life. The infrastructure is for learning for disability and it's helping them to have a better life. It's helping them in learning. It's very very important as in infrastructure as in helping them to learn better and to learn faster. Walk me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? Walking me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? I don't know it very well. Prioritized, Belize personal buildings? I don't want to get down. Was there a since a infrastructure build. Like a new infrastructure for those infrastructure builds? Of course, yes.uşşonma nichon. There is no infrastructure for the learning. In your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial knowledge or oversight, that prevent the school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? For the special children, in terms of financial aspects, the school is far from some of our learners. So the transfer sphere is affecting them from coming to school regularly. Some of them are based on medication. So if there is no money to buy the medicine, it also affects the learning. For the parents unable to buy the medicine at the right time, it affects the children from coming to school. Even if they do not buy it, the child will be given the problem in school. We will not be able to cook, so we have to call the parents. That is the financial aspect of it. What would need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the Ministry? What would need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the Ministry? How will the school be able to make significant and sustained improvements to social accessibility? Internally? Or externally? Internally has to do with the within. What the government needs to do is to help us more on the provision of the social accessibility standard. learning materials, which are not vocational training for the children because they need more, they need vocational most than learning. So they all those intellectual, intellectual disability. So we need more on vocation by the government than oral learning, understand. So government need to work more on vocational training or vocational building. I don't know how to put it. It will help. But some of them can not learn for a long period. Okay. Is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for youths and their students? That is the vocational. Okay. Thank you.