Okay, now the first question. How does the goal of physical accessibility for pupils with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? When decisions are made, when decisions about spending and maintenance are made, they really consider the special. When they come, they say okay, this is a special school. Before they can do anything, they will make a consideration of the special children before doing anything. Okay. And they will carry on, okay, where can we come in? So what is the special children need so that both the regular student and the special needs, they can benefit together. Okay. So they consider that. All right, now the second question. That is implementation gap. You want me to do the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade that they did in your school. Okay. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? Do you get the question? Walk me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. Infrastructure upgrade, maybe when they renew this school, upgrade their school. How were the accessibility features considered? What are the accessibility features? They consider the children to most of the people came from the community, from the school. Okay. So they come from the ministry, the first thing when they did inclusive. So that sound inclusive school, so they make different decision. Okay. What can we do so that it's not be only these regular students that will benefit with the special. So because their inclusion. So that is what we do. Okay. Now the third question in your barrier. What are the most significant barriers and the most significant barriers? Whether financial, knowledge-based, or the other way around. Okay. What are the most significant barriers that you see in your financial knowledge-based or oversight that prevent this school from achieving the full compliance? Um, firstly, the challenge they are having. I think this is general, even to the inclusive school. We have a challenge, firstly, with the regular teacher. Okay. The HM, with the HOU. Okay. The two, you know, when we are trying to tell them, this is how the, how the school is, how the children are, you know, receiving that. It's not like that. This is, if they want to achieve, maybe they are planning to deceive them. And, and sometimes some, they didn't, the regular teacher didn't, and the HM, they didn't really understand us. When we are telling them this, okay, this is supposed to be, this is how it's supposed to be. They were saying, no, no, it shouldn't be. Okay. Now, for instance, maybe the NGO came to school now. And so, they are telling me they want to do something for, only for the special children. You see the reaction of the regular teacher and even the HM that, why? We are not saying that, okay, do not because of this special children that this is why these people came. Do you know that? Because if you are, I think this is the only school here, the regular school. These people, they will not come here. It's because of them, but they don't really want to understand. Even the, maybe they brought gifts for them. They want that gift to be, that they should give it to them. Why? Sometimes, some, some one thing that they will use to give us, we don't, we don't really like to use it, they give it to the regular. It's only from the HM that understand. Like, the regular, the one that retired now, and this one that present now, she really understand. Okay. Even when they, when they brought something, say, oh yeah, you can, you can see what they did. When you came now, you tell your school man meet us. Like, you only, okay, that school man has something for us. When, anything they brought, okay, this one, okay, I will give it to you. Okay. So, they, they, they, they will come, you tell them, oh, yeah, this one is for the special children. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, let's give it to them. Okay. Now, the fourth. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. now the fourth question so the fourth question what would need what will you need to change either internally i'm not done with that one okay okay now continuing so that is justice and then due to do uh and okay i said it to that so they need to already tell the church and the regular for anything meant for the special let's be used to for them and then it meant for both of them both both regular both regular and special you can be using for them but everything has to be okay anything that is okay this is the special thing let's give it to the special people because of the truth this uh this uh this tutorial that was that something is coming to this church okay you cannot defend everything to go back you know so people are coming to really assist okay now what would you need to change either internally or from external body like ministry or so they're to make significant improvement to the school accessibility for the internal visualization firstly um the museum is um the red that you make a awareness for the to any school that has that inclusion that you tell the hm that you know and if you let the child be this relationship with that special teacher and then you have a good interaction and they will be able to understand themselves maybe government should try to do a kind of a mini seminar for the health teacher the academic well likely the regular few of the regular teacher to know the importance of these children maybe they should do a kind of a training for them but they are unaware but we used to tell them okay if you want to know about special go to special school so maybe they should just add a little um training for them they should pick a teacher a regular teacher or a seminar and whenever they come whenever they find themselves in the situation of inclusion they will know how to maintain how to interact with us and secondly and then there's some there's some there's some posts in ministry even you know we are under survey they are on the lg they should be putting these special people here we notice that whenever this so they should be special teacher official officer that is there we have to be selling this other police now in the office now maybe you have a special teacher there maybe you want to carry us from church now if they will be able to tell at least what they are going to do but sometimes they will just do some maybe now for instance now we have the sighted we have the one sighted teacher two blind teacher and they want to do transfer they just want a sighted teacher so please who is going to help them in the class you can see that so and the more of a and we this and we need more ID teacher on mostly the special children we need people people most apart from the visually impairment or eh eh HIV this ID teacher ID special children we need more more assistance we need more teacher we need more caregiver we need it like more than 15 or 16 years when they we are creating another, unit way more than but more than 33 more than 30 children yes Evryone now the last question is there anything else about the challenges or the sources of creating an inclusive physical environment here experiences of maybe that you think is important challenges of creating an inclusive physical physical environment is there anything else about the challenges you are facing is there anything else is there anything else do you have any challenges here that you're facing just one or two challenges the challenging we are facing now you think is important for us to know i want to know to create more teachers to create more challenges yes all right thank you very much