Good afternoon ma'am, I am Shusana Adene Albert. May I, what's your name ma'am? Namus Salam, I direct. Okay ma'am. What's the name of your school ma'am? In East Lagos State Special School, Udumbi. Okay. Yeah, I have some questions here. In your daily work, how noticeable is the school's physical environment in either supporting or challenging pupils with mobility needs? You teach and support. As in like in your daily work, what are the things you notice that probably might be the either supporting or a challenge, something that supports the pupils or a challenge to them? Let me talk about what a challenge is. Because for the physically challenged pupils, it's very difficult for them to use the toilets and some of the classes, it's very difficult for them to climb the classes. So, I think that the students should help them in assisting because we need more programs and dreams for the support of them. So, the second is could you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of the classroom's physical setup? At least, I mean, like eh, could you give me an example? Probably, a... Yes. specific time that probably it's cookie was distracted from pop and Lenny because of maybe a particular thing happened us I couldn't say for say but we have most challenged a cookies most fiscally challenged cookies what they wonder very difficult to pay attention to them because I think for the classroom settings now you know there are some of the chairs are not comfortable for them to see it so you have to be moving them from one position to another which they may not be happy with that okay from your professional view so what extent do the toilet rams and doors a poop is developed independence or conversely create dependence on adults okay so that means that's me okay so that means that's me okay so that means that's me because for them so we have a thing you because for them so we have a thing you because for them so we have a thing you know they are assisted by the teachers know they are assisted by the teachers know they are assisted by the teachers some of their condition okay some of their condition okay some of their condition okay so then where suppose I means worked so then where suppose I means worked so then where suppose I means worked with puppies in different settings what with puppies in different settings what with puppies in different settings what differences if any have you seen India differences if any have you seen India differences if any have you seen India social confidence or academic social confidence or academic social confidence or academic engagement that you would actually boost engagement that you should boost to the engagement that you should boost to the physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical tenga Ouagad хirihiriri where it really Amer accept so environment you know the way we deal with students here is quite different from regular school so but what i just sees about these are special students that they love being carrying along in whatsoever you are doing for example the other students you're with probably you are teaching in the class now and you didn't engage us you won't be happy but in order regular school i mean you didn't engage other students they might not even count it as anything i could you don't know what they were teaching already but this particular girl she'll feel like she's not alone so we have to carry all the students along yeah all the people so in conclusion what is the one change to the school's physical infrastructure that you believe would make the biggest difference for your puppies we need a more provisional let me say we need therapies multi-sensory most multi-sensory rooms the hand raise for most of the classroom because none of the classrooms has hand raise which is not good you know and some of the classroom means the ramps as well for the student support