How does the goal of physical accessibility for puppies with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? Since we don't have disabled puppies in our school, I'm not in the best position to say how they spend on maintaining infrastructures for disabled. So, walk me through the process of a recent infrastructure upgrade. How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? Since we currently have a disability-free school, we have been able to provide accessibility to all students. So, what are the main challenges that we face? Since we don't have any puppies with disabilities, accessibility is not a top priority. We focus on general school needs but would make adjustments required. So, in your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based or oversight, that prevent the school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? Thank you. The main barriers are the following. The main barriers are limited funding, low awareness of accessibility standards, and the absence of regular government enforcement. So, what would need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the ministries, to make significant and sustained improvements to the school's accessibility? We need more funding, clear governments. We need more support. We need regular government guidelines and regular support or inspections to improve accessibility. So, is there anything else about the changes or sources of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? Although we have no disabled students or puppies now, we believe the school should gradually become more accessible. They have just come as individuals. Okay. Thank you. That is the main problem, actually. I do hope each thing is achieved. Don't let any barriers be put to the test. So, it's ok and just keep doing more work. Thank you. Thank you. designing a moreRecognizantнее JawahariNgiri That's a fase to the kanuk quatro of these communities, an example which specific plans we need to create. We are preparing, I think, 15 to 20 students per week in between the immerse in if they are learning can working languages or writing three languages, and we hope we will take time tonerate each other children to enjoy the learning skills they need toimin treating archeology which ngine even however and Japanese-language language,подem on the world, but has been a time to important.