In your daily work, how noticeable is the school physical environment in either supporting or challenging the two peers? Is mobility need you teach or support? I deal with the people even with hearing impaired and the environment is more okay for them because they can see, so they can talk through their eyes, they understand what is going on in the environment. You can see what, something that can injure them or something that is danger for their health. They can understand it so far, they are hearing impaired. Could you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of this classroom physical setup? The pupils living with hearing impaired, they don't have much problem. Because the only problem is they like, maybe somebody entering during the lesson is taking place. Maybe parents of one of their classmates entering the class, they feel immediately, they want to know what is going on in the environment. For example now, maybe somebody that living with hearing impaired or their teacher enter the class, we are communicating with sign language, they want to know what is happening. They will be looking at you. They will be looking at you. They will be looking at you. They will be looking at you. From beginning to the end of the conversation. So, Linh, from your professional view, to what extent do the toilet ramps help pupils develop independence or conversely create dependence on adults? Oh, you don't have problem in talking to the toilets, no. They can go on their own. Different to the people living with intellectual disability. It is the people that are living with intellectual disability. Some of them can not even walk alone. But the people living with hearing impaired, they can walk alone. They can go to the toilet by themselves. They can do everything even some of them can come from home to school and go back home. Without any assistance. Have you worked with pupils in different settings? What's different? What's the difference? It's different. if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you would attribute to the physical environment? Although the people living with hearing impaired are okay, the only thing they need is interpreter that will help them. But the other people living with disability like Down syndrome, with intellectual disability, some of them are very good academically, but at the end of the day, they quickly forget. Maybe there's holiday today, you will start all over from where you start when they receive this. What is the one change to the school physical infrastructure that you believe would make the biggest difference for your people? Number one. Some of the school, for example, now we have inclusive units only here in Egadu. And we have different area that's surrounded Egadu. At least if the government can support them by giving them poster, the learning will be taking place very well. For example, now some of them usually come late to the school. So, I think that's the one thing that we need to do. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, yeah, I think we're in the past, human brought down to school rules. You do need your personal time to be at school that many of those people cannot make here, арHN style ers kitsêy xun i don. Today, for example, two hundred and forty. Wow. Thank you so much. Actually, it's very, very difficult to prepare for the future when they have that because very few people can take active part of what's happening and they're still not people at school. And maybe even more recently, two players fifth and 16 players, some of them they come over and they Black or Black. So there's production bosses and some players in Black. So it's more difficult to App Sorry about that. That's okay to be in Black, and some other players should be here right now. Yeah yeah. That's not a problem. It's good everywhere. can be helping them because at times school board is not even advisable like because they are at times when they are coming to school they may have um what do they call it traffic when they face traffic at the end of the day it will still result with the same thing like you have they will miss for second third period before they can get to disco