Good afternoon sir. Good afternoon. I am Shosone Adinye Abatumi. I meet you sir. I am Mr. Adekola. Okay. So I have some questions here to ask you. So the first question is, in your daily work, how noticeable is the school's physical environment in either supporting or challenging the pupils with mobility needs you teach or you support? As in like in your own daily your observations. So what are the things you need? Those things you see around us, are they supporting the pupils learning or sort of challenges? So then what are the things you that I observe? Yes, your observations sir. I don't know really anything that is so much challenging apart from the the ramps, the the you know like again my class that has a on cerebral palsy ability to move from class down there is always a challenge. Apart from that I don't see much the factors are okay for them. They move easily. Apart from that I feel that this this block especially is a little bit higher above the ground level. So that is a major challenge that I feel. Okay. Okay. Could you describe a specific instance where you saw a pupil's ability to concentrate or participate in a lesson change because of the classroom's physical setup? A specific situation that in face learning I do not remember of any. I do not remember of any. I don't think. I don't think. The way the person are structured, the art. I think they are going to use it for them. They don't really disturb them. They don't really disturb them. Okay. Okay. From your professional view now. To what extent do the toilets, ramps or doors help pupils develop independence or converse and lastly create dependence on adults? Well, the way they are our doors, our toilets, anybody, anybody with a mobility challenge will have issues with them. You know like I'll tell you a thing now. They get us, the other person in class often she needs help to go to the toilet. She needs help. Even though some of the doors are not functioning. They are wide open. But you know to flush the way that happens she needs somebody to help her. So it's not something she can do on her own. She needs anybody, any people with cerebral palsy, she needs somebody to assist her in using her toilets the way they are made. Okay. Okay. Question four says, having worked with pupils in different settings, what differences, if any, have you seen in their social confidence or academic engagement that you would attribute to the physical environment? That is like a probably what you see. Maybe is there anything they see in the environment that influence their academic performance or probably bring a negative impact on their academic performance? Yes. I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that펜 노바 So in conclusion, what is one change to the school's physical infrastructure that you believe would make the biggest difference for your puppies? Probably a particular change that if those... if that change is put in place, it can bring a positive impact, it can bring a positive, meaningful... In terms of physical environment? Yes. Okay. Like the arms today. The way they are made, they are too slopey. Like these people of mine, whenever she wants to... That cat comes to pick her, it means a lot of churning to bring her down through the arms because of the way it's made, very slopey. Okay, steep. Very steep, yes. So I think we can get arms that are a little bit... You mean gentle slope? That's... You know, with little help, she can just go down. But the way these ones are made, very, very difficult. And the other thing is the... the classes here, the fields, you know. Somebody with cerebral palsy can easily slip while working on them, especially during the reining season. Okay. So if we have... we have this, remember we can have hinterlocks that can hold their feet. Whenever they walk. So that will probably help them better than these ones that whenever it rains, they may fall. And walking can be more challenging than when... during the dry season. So I think that is... that is the two things that I see. Better arms and a better field that is not... that's different from grass that we have here. You're very welcome. Thank you very much. You're welcome.