Good morning ma'am, my name is Adeyemi. Can I meet you ma'am? Yes, good morning. My name is Mrs. Adeyemi Ariola Heni, extra child of Ageron Community Primary School. Thank you ma'am. We have some few questions for you ma'am. One of the questions is, how does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities? Where decisions are being made about spending and maintenance? The school is designed for a regular school. It is designed as a regular school. So we don't have any challenges because we don't have to deal with mobility and disability. Thank you mommy. Another question is, talking through the process for a research infrastructure upgrade, how will accessibility futures considered and prioritized? In the recent times, there is no infrastructure upgrade. So we don't have issues for accessibility for any mobility issues. Thank you. Issues because this school is designed as a regular school. Thank you ma'am. In your view, what are the most significant barriers? Whether financially, knowledge-based or oversight that prevent the school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? Okay, we don't have any barriers whether financial or knowledge-based. Okay ma'am. What would you need to change either internally or from external bodies? Like the ministry to make significant and sustained improvement to the school accessibility? We are looking upon the ministry to come and assist us in an area that may have flooded compounds. My closing remark. Is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? On the closing remark, we want the government to at least build to classroom infrastructure for us in the future. If who feels with disability will be admitted. Thank you. Thank you ma'am. Thank you for spending your time with us. We hope with all this, the government and ministry will work together. Thank you. Thank you.