In your daily work, how noticeable is the school's physical environment in either supporting or challenging the public's mobility needs to teach the purpose? Good morning ma, you are welcome to our school. The school compound is big, very big for people to learn but there is a classroom that needs serious innovation. Innovation the school toilet, doors and toilet closet as well as the gate or general environment in school premises should be renovated with interlops to give access to the compound for the physically challenged people. Thank you ma. That's fine. Could you describe a specific instance where you say a public's ability to concentrate or participate in lessons changed because of the classroom physical service? Yes ma. The provision of solar power, electricity, bilaterals in all the classrooms make active participation of the people in learning increase as soon as we earn the funds. During hot weather or during cold weather we close all the windows or the lights to brighten the classroom. That is what I say in essence is that when the weather is very dark, especially this rainy season, we have the availability of the solar system to close the windows and turn on the lights for them and the fire. So it makes the learning so effective. And also provision of the school's facilities. So the school can be used for the school's activities. So the school can be used for the school's activities. And also provision of instructional materials around the classroom make their behaviour towards learning change rapidly. They see it as something that's very look nice to them. So it attracts them to learn more. Okay. Thank you. The social behaviourally, from your professional view, to what extent do the toilets, ramps and doors help to develop independence? Can the public understand that? Can the public understand that the public can't depend on each other or it creates dependence on the adults who have to go and open the doors? This is where we have major something but still a minor something. Toilets, ramps and doors are not well constructed in our school at all. But if constructed well, taken in consideration, not with force we are begging. Okay. So with how much as think. This is so bloody difficult. K band-aid is my second piece of advice already and how to keep. So all ages under the age of 16, are you okay if you walk around with your toes this bare leg? No it's okay i'm okay. we will see that later on. But the most important component is the performance.alis... What? Perolon than you expected? Per Sei? You are confused. Okay ma The foundation and the general classroom settings that has been light up with solar power give them social social confidence that is it makes them to engage in academic activity magnetic balls, all this makes them to feel happy when they see it and they always come to school Thank you ma Now closing, what is the one shame to the school participants that you believe will make the biggest difference for your people? Nice question ma Thank you very much Renovation of the toilets with portable drinking water in the school compound can make the biggest difference for people and the people around them Thank you Thank you You are welcome God bless you