Good morning Ma, I'm Mr Adeyemi and I know you Ma. Yes, good morning. My name is Mrs Adeyemi Ariola Elling, Headteacher of Ageron Community Primary School. Hi Ma, we have some questions for you. How does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disabilities compete with other infrastructure priorities? When decision about spending and maintenance are made? Okay, this school is basically designed for a regular school. So we don't have any challenges because we don't have cookings. We still bring it to school. We but needs have seen the issue that we face. We first Angels in A Liver stopped workingmatts up to Dad in August 14th. He said over 20 positions. He said the main challenges are lazy kids wash to getheure own get their own meals Find comfort them and take care of this. We want to think people must just shop gets and they must whereas we call that demos on. Ag so a main challenge to the exercise points. for any mobility-agent people because this school is designed as a regular school. Okay, thank you ma'am. In your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial knowledge base or oversight, that prevent this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility standards? Yeah, we don't have any bias whether financial knowledge is. Okay, what we need to change, either internally or from external bodies like the Ministry, to make Sibirian a sustainable individual with the school accessibility? Yeah, we are looking forward. We are looking upon the Ministry to come and assist us in our area that we have flooded compounds. Is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment there that you think is important for me to understand? Okay, on the closing remark, we want the government to at least build two classroom infrastructures for us in the future. If two kids with disability will be admitted. Thank you. Thank you ma'am. Thank you for giving us much of your time. And I'm very sure you are going to work towards that. Thank you ma'am.