Good morning sir. Good morning sir. Can I meet you sir? I am Ajibu Henry. The head teacher of Express Wintersales for Married School 1. Ok sir. Thank you sir. Sorry we have some interview for you. The first one. How does the goal of the physical accessible for puppies with disabled compete with other infrastructure? When decisions about spending and maintenance are made? Really, in our school here, we didn't really have puppies with disabilities. We deal with puppies that are ok. Puppies without disabilities. We are running a regular school structure here. We don't deal with puppies with disabilities. Ok. Let's go to the implementation gap. Walk me through the process for a recent infrastructure upgrade. How will accessibility features considered and priorities? Really, there are some areas where we need a structural upgrade in our school. Ok, Ok. Thanks for the feedback. Ok so, let's talk already. Hi everyone, about modelyor. We have all Conservatives zweite and on some of the buildings around this school. Ah... Some of the buildings are dilapidated. They need they to be worked on. some of our roof structures have been removed by winds. They're busy now. Some of our classrooms are filled up with water. We need to urgently attend to them so that it will not affect the normal teaching and learning activities in the classroom. That is one. Number two, we are seriously in need of lightning ...in our school. Most of the classes did not have good light structure. We don't have electricity in the school, which is also a major challenge. Whenever there is a... ...the weather is not bright enough for the teachers to be able to teach the classroom... ...and for the learners also to be able to have good lighting. in the class is always a challenge and we are looking at how they can call the government can come to our aid in facilitating lightning that the electricity electrification of the classroom so that normal learning in the class will be properly done again not only that some of the classes did not have enough fun to ventilate the purpose while in a hot weather i want to see that one also as a challenge where the government can also be of help to us okay one i believe the little challenges you have or you have another one that is a big let me leave the barrier to the school is there another one again i really we need to start somewhere by the time all these ones are attended to i want to believe that the normal teaching and learning in the school will go on smoothly so sorry what are the way forward you think that government can do what the ministry can do to put everything in place yes so anyways that's government can actually we the government can boot uh resources like money we are thereby they engage some of their contractors to call me and have a physical assessment as you people have come to see what some of the challenges we have now when government send me some people they check where our challenges are and they look at how they call it they call me to put them in place okay okay let me just for the last for the closing something let me just ask this question from you sir is there anything x about the challenges or success of creating an inclusive physical environment what i mean by that is that to put in place some things that in case you have a special poopy in your school so you know you miss special physicality yes that's what they call inclusive what we do now is if they now put it in place how do you think how do you want it like that or in case we have a physical challenge poopy in your school so what do you think to it uh really every environment is prone to some challenges basically there are physical challenges uh young ones around this uh vicinity that can be brought to our school good if a facility is put in place thereby uh trained personnels can also get can also be employed in that particular school if another one is created within our vicinity possibly now our compact so that we can refer any physical challenge that is gross here we referring them to them and a special uh specialists in the training of those penser challenge etiquettes also are also recruited in that school. I think that will solve the problem of bringing them to our own normal school. It will solve the problem. So when they come, we'll be directing them to that particular centre. Thank you very much for giving us your audience. We appreciate you. Thank you very much.