Good morning ma. Good morning, you're welcome. This is an interview for Inclusive Design Data Collection. And one of the interviews is being recorded. So please ma, what is your name and the name of your school? My name is Mrs. Maja Kuyabo Mui Bats. And the name of the school is UP Primary School, Ajago, Ikorodu. The first question of the interview is a warm-up. If you were giving a new student a tour of your school, what are the best places you would show them? The best place I would like to show the new students is the school playground. What are the places you might warn them about? I would warn them about going to the toilet. Because the place is somehow easy. And we have abandoned, sucked away this thing there. Now for the doors. Are the doors at school easy for you to use? Or is it tricky? No, the door is easy to use. And for the classroom and toilet, is the school's toilet easy to get in and out by yourself? Yes. And what about your desk in class? Does it help you walk or does it sometimes get in the way? Concerning the toilet, the toilet is accessible. It's easy to get in and out for the puppies. And concerning the furniture, I mean the benches and the desk, the teachers can easily move around the class with it. Now for the social and emotional. Tell me about a time you felt really proud and independent. Yes. Here at school. The day we had our last entire school. The puppies made me proud. And this entire school. Because they performed excellently well during the entire school. And the exam. Concerning the last placement. And even the one before I got to this school. It's true. They performed excellently. Where were you and what are you doing? Where? Yes. When you are independent. Independent. I like to move around the school. Most especially when the children are closed for the day. I like to move alone around the school to see to the security that all the schools are well closed and intact. Okay. Tell me about a time you felt frustrated or left out because of something in the building or the playing ground. Hmm. Yes. Concerning the playing ground. Maybe during the break if I see puppies playing rough, I don't like it. It makes me feel unhappy. Yes. Okay. Now if you had a magic, a magic wand. And could change your life. Yes. And could change one thing about your school building to make it better for you. What will it be? It will be the toilet facility. Because each block is supposed to have toilets. And also around the toilet is a bit easy. I don't like simply going there. Okay. All right. Nice meeting you man. You are welcome. Thank you very much.