How does the goal of physical accessibility for people with disabilities compete with other infrastructural priorities when decisions about spending and maintenance are made? At the moment, our school does not have any enrolled pupils with disabilities, so our infrastructure priorities are mainly focused on general maintenance, classroom improvements, and ensuring a safe learning environment for all pupils. However, we recognize the importance of accessibility and would consider it a priority if the need arose or if funding became available. What could you do for a recent infrastructure upgrade? How were accessibility features considered and prioritized? Since we do not currently have pupils with disabilities, features like surrounds or accessible toilets were not upgraded, no infrastructure upgraded, so no recent infrastructure was upgraded within the school. In your view, what are the most significant barriers, whether financial, knowledge-based, or oversight, that prevents this school from achieving full compliance with accessibility? The major barriers are limited funding and completing infrastructure needs. There is also less urgency because we currently do not have pupils with disabilities enrolled. In addition, schools often depend on government approval and funding for major structural modifications. What would need to change, either internally or from a cultural perspective? We need to make significant and sustained improvements to the school accessibility. Greater financial support from the Ministry of Education, clear policies on inclusive infrastructure, and regular training on accessibility standards would help. Dedicated funding for accessible projects would also enable schools to prepare their facilities before admitting pupils with disabilities. Is there anything else about the challenges or successes of creating an inclusive physical environment here that you think is important for me to understand? Although our school does not currently have pupils with disabilities, we believe every child is having equal access to quality education. We are willing to improve our facilities if the need arises and if adequate support and resources are provided.